What was developed by someone working in Cockroach Labs?
Laozi has authored which books ?
Who built the Ford Y-block engine ?
List presidents of the school whose one of the president is Charles. Prince of Wales ?
What are the teams for which Wilfred McDonald played for?
Find the total number of tenants of the stadium whose tenants was Toronto Marlies?
List the show related to the which was followed by Doctor Who Extra?
The authors of Zhorstoke nebo was influenced by whom ?
Who first ascented a mountain of Mount Hoffmann ?
The successor of Ellsworth Bunker belongs to which religion?
Which nation is the origin of Dornier Aerodyne ?
Which fictional character is portrayed by Roger Barton (film editor)?
How many awards have been given to the ones who died of lung cancer?
List down all the baseball teams whose team manager was a Catcher?
What company's leader is Edwin Catmull?
List the books whose authors are in Alcal de Henares.
Who is the operator of AT&T Park ?
Which company had built the rockets launched at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Space Launch Complex 17?
Which continents can be reached by flight companies available on Gatwick Airport?
acer nigrum is used in making what?
How many people have been presenters for NBC shows?
What water bodies have primary inflows as Kemijoki?
How many prime ministers did the predecessor of Duncan Sandys  serve?
Which colored race horses have won the Grand National?
In how many places are the tombs of everyone who died in England?
What is the television show whose previous work is The Spirit of Christmas (short film)?
In which series has Sean Young portrayed someone?
How many artists' works are in Muse d'Orsay?
What all are written in the C programming language?
How many different people have been in any political seat in places which are under the Indian Standard timezone?
Name the television show which has artist named Christopher Franke ?
How many other race are there of the adult (pornographic) actors whose ethnicity is Cherokee ?
Whose work is in the Musee d'orsay?
Who is the incumbent of Al Gore presidential campaign of 2000 ?
What are the regions in which the distributor of Secrets and Lies serves ? 
Who were the commanders during the events which took place in Sandusky County, Ohio?
What is the total number of other combatant of the military conflicts whose combatant is Choctaw?
In which states does the river flow whose left tributary is Toms Creek?
List the broadcast area of the TV stations which also serves in Agalga ?
In how many different places can I find Modern Architectural buildings?
What are the awards won by the film editor of World of Tomorrow ?
What was the result of Operation Autumn Clouds ?
Count all that was built by a company whose leader is Kazuo Hirai?
Who is the licensee of EXXV-TV ?
what kind of games can I find for PC 9800?
Where is the headquarters of the public transit system which operators Go-to-card ?
Name the chairman of the soccer club for which Mike Salmon currently plays?
Which religion do the people follow, whose constituency is Jadavpur?
What is the source country of reg Lake ?
List the newspapers whose headquarters's time zone is Central European Summer Time.
who all play for of the american football players at  Quarterback position?
Which are the races in which Martin Molony participated?
How many awards have been given to Italians?
By what style was Providence Chapel, Charlwood made?
Under which presidents have politicians from the Continental army served?
Name the university whose affiliations's foundation is in Washington, D.C.?
Whose predecessor had Jenny Macklin as a deputy ?
Give me a count of all ice hockey players whose teams are headcoached by John Tortorella?
Who is the nominee of Jack Ryan ?
Where was Live in Detroit, MI recorded ?
Which religion is followed by people in the family of Meadow Sopranos?
How many genres gave birth to other genres which emphasize Bass Guitars?
List the movies whose editors are born in London.
What are the famous Uni Toronto scientists known for?
Count the number of places where alumini of Edinburgh university have died?
List the former team of the american football players born in Pennsylvania ?
From which party is the politician who was selected  in Barasat constituency?
Name all the hubs of the airlines whose one of the hubs is Selangir ?
name the mountain range of Le Gibloux ?
Cable stayed bridges have been used to cross over how many things?
What are the television shows whose voices is given by  Mona Marshall?
What is the label of Double Diamond (album) ?
Who is the Pole driver of 1997 Canadian Grand Prix ?
Who has built the stadiums which were rented by the Central american games of 2013?
Who are the producers of the movies  which has music by Gary Chang ?
Count the participants of the NBA.
How many other important things have been written by the creator of Stuart Alan Jones?
Where did Paul Jones do his highschool?
What is the ethnicity of Linda Hogan ?
To which series does the character of Londo Mollari belong?
who is the husband of Rosie Huntington Whiteley?
How many people have played for the ones who own the stadium of Bankers Life Fieldhouse?
Where do employees of Deroit Red Wings live?
Name the states which have been billed by the wrestlers who has also billed Georgia ?
Who has canonized someone who's a doctor of the church?
What is the college of the baseball player who lives in Ashton Historic district?
Where did the president study, whose VP was Emilio Nez?
Who is the developer of Montecito Inn ?
How many have been awarded by the Royal Society?
Who is the owner of the website which has the label Seed Eight ?
List down the associated musical artist of the writer of Rain Is a Good Thing ?
How many fictional characters are there in a series in which Craig Robinson acted?
Where do the airlines garrisoned at Manchester airport fly to?
Through which label has Katy B released her singles?
Which football teams is Shahid Khan proprietor to?
Who is the producer of album which has the song Money?
How many movies music composers are associated with Demis Roussos ?
