List the scientists whose doctoral advisor is Ernest Rutherford and are known for Manhattan Project?
Which route junction of the Rhode Island Route 15 is the place of birth of the Michael Poulin?
What is the band with previous members  Kevin Jonas and Joe Jonas?
Amongst the winner of Lovelace medal, who has John Robert as doctoral supervisor ?
Who is the common prime minster of William Deaner and mark Latham ?
Which currency of Republic of Montenegro is also the currency of the French Southern and Antarctic Lands ?
What is the deathplace of the Anatoly Kharlampiyev which is also the death place of  Lyudmila Buldakova?
Who is known for are War of 1812 and Battle of the Thames?
Which manufacturer of the Boeing B-17 Flying fortress is the manager of burro Flats Painted Caves ?
Did Oliver Sacks study at the Columbia University?
Name the software whose operating system is Mac OS and programming language is C++ ?
Rashid Behbudov State Song Theatre and Baku Puppet Theatre can be found in which country?
Was Tim Gunn a guest on The Broken Code?
Name a show hosted by Brian Dunkleman and judged by Harry Connick, Jr.?
Was Mark Twain a character of Mark Twain Tonight?
Do the asiana airlines fly  to Jeju airport?
Was Liliya Lobanova born in Ukraine?
What is the name of the river whose mouth country is Mozambique and source region is North-Western Province, Zambia?
What is the common award won by geoffrey Rush and Laemmle Theatres ?
Which show's network is Prime time Entertainment and has Douglas Netter as executive producer ?
Which destination of the Novair International Airways is also the  predecessor of the Chevrolet Caprice?
In which fields are both Paul Demiville and Sylvain levi experts?
List the mountains of the range Sierra Nevada (U.S.) located in  California?
What is the result of the GazaIsrael conflict is also  the  place of the Qaqun?
Name the company founded by Jim Harris located in Harris County, Texas ?
What common relegion affiliation exists for udit Raj and Wickramabahu Central College ?
Do the west coast airlines fly to seattle?
Was Duanne Allman known to play the Les Paul?
What things canonized John of Damascus and and also venerated the Edwin of Northumbria ?
Who was in conflicts of Fort Barrancas and Gadsden?
Who was in missions of Gemini 8 and Apollo 11?
What team is famous for Robert Nederlander and also the debuting team of Gary Sanchez?
Which fictional character sculpted by Josh Friedmann was portrayed in Terminator 3 ?
Who is renowned for Ae Fond Kiss and poem of Halloween ?
Which notable commanders of the Army Group Oberrhein (Germany) is the  leader of the Kriminalpolizei?
Does Jevan Snead play as Quarterback?
Was Blade Runner cinematographed by JordanCronenweth?
Was Lionel Messi a member  of the 2009 FIFA World Cup squads?
Does Chicago own the Monroe Station?
Name the television program voiced by Isaac Hayes and aired on Comedy Central?
Which indian party has won the arunachal pradesh elections of 2014, and has been in the 4th legislative assembly?
Name the sea whose inflow is Kemijoki and outflow is Danish straits?
To which university did  sidney c patridge and cyril hume both once went?
Is the Providence Chapel, Charlwood made in New English style of architecture?
Where were sverre krogh sundbo and havard vad petersson born?
Did Carolyn Heinrich study at the Vanderbilt?
Was David Gilmour a former member of Pink Floyd?
Was A foreign policy on freedom covered by John Trumbull?
Name the scientist who is known for inventing Anthrax and was a member of Royal Society?
Name the office holder whose Governor is Charles Willing Byrd and has resting place as North Bend, Ohio?
Does Air 2000 fly to the north american continent?
Which ethinicity of  Riley Reid is the state of origin of Holmes Colbert?
What magazine published Allal and is the employer of Peter Bergman?
Who managed England national under-20 football team and Middlesbrough F.C.?
The Information: A History, a Theory, a Flood is a work of Isaac Newton?
Which  governing body of the Oahu Railway and Land Company is also the military branch of the Jimmy Quillen ?
Is Henry David Thoreau interested in Politics?
Is tahiti in the Society Islands achipelago?
Which office holder's successor is Adrian A. Basora and child named Lori Black?
Who is the builder of Estadio Nacional de Costa Rica and also location of Xianren Cave ?
Who was in youth clubs of FC Barcelona and Newell's Old Boys?
Name the common managing club of the Ivan Toplak and Bret Simon?
Is Cologny a neighbouring city of Geneva?
What state has a Brideun School for Exception Children and is the birthplace  of B J Crombeen?
What provides the services of Nintendo eShop and Nintendo Network?
Which work institue of andrew Schally belongs to WTUL ?
Is Guatemala a unitary state?
Comcast SportsNet is broadcasted in what area, which also has the Michigan Renaissance Festival?
Is Fluidinfo written in PostgreSQL language?
Name a company with key person as Dennis Muilenburg and Raymond Conner ?
Was Lucrezia Tornabuoni the mother of Lorenzo de' Medici?
What is the common location of  tomb of the Elizabeth of Rhuddlan and Isabel of Cambridge?
Which US state gave  us Brian Deegan and Harold Lyold?
What show had NTSC format and theme music composed by  Ron Grainer?
What is the sea connected to Kaliningrad and Gdask?
Which city is the route start of the Moscow-Kazan high-speed railway and birth place of the Ilya Savelev ?
Does the Westchester Avenue fall under the Bronx?
Which TV show's company is PlayTone and is produced by Stephen E. Ambrose ?
What team did Dan Daoust and Don Ashby play for?
What is the local authority of the Buckhurst Hill County High School is also the birth palce of Sarah hampion ?
Did Bob Dylan write the lyrics of the times they are a changin'?
Name the organization which developed iPhone OS and the XNU?
In all the states which have a Uniontown, where does a Keller's mill covered bridge exist too?
What is the college of Malik Ausean which is also the college of Kyle Fuller ?
Who  has these major shrines  : Emmitsburg, Maryland and Shrine of St. Elizabeth Ann Bayley Seton?
Is coffee a main ingredient of Hopje?
What academic discipline of the Journal of Cerebral Blood Flow & Metabolism is also the record label of the Double Diamond (album)?
Which mountain is located in inyo National Forest and has a parent peak named Nevado de Toluca ?
Which artist of Madagascar: Operation Penguin is also the writer of He's a Pirate ?
Was the Model K designed by Herny Ford?
What is the nationality of the David King-Wood and John Steed ?
What is the faith of the Ajith Perera and religious affiliation of the Neungin High School?
Was robert sarvis a nominee of the US Senate?
What is common between sports played at Fr Agnel School and Jr college, and the genre of Virtual Kasparov?
Whose successors are Robert P. Smith and Adrian A. Basora?
What company involved in the development of Sherlock did Arthur Levinson work for?
What country is Jeffrey Werleman from, which also has the American Mediterranean Sea?
Is Angola Avante the anthem of Angola?
Which famous commander led the Siege of forn meigs and was involved in the battle of fort stephenson?
Name books with publisher as Francisco de Robles and writer as Miguel de Cervantes ?
Who are relatives of Ozzy Osbourne and Kelly Osbourne?
Name the television show with opening theme as Te Deum and is composed by Marc-Antoine Charpentier?
Name the television show whose subsequent work is Crusade and Composer is Stewart Copeland?
What company brought Riddim Ribbon to the market, and developed the batch monitor?
Which college has been attended  by both Mr. Hubert Wiggs and Mr. Alvin Bell?
Which writer of the Snaman is also the writer of Neverwher ?
What race of Linda Hogan is the state of origin of the Holmes Colbert ?
Whose associate is Publius Servilius Vatia Isauricus and has predecessor as Lucius Cornelius Lentulus Crus?
Name a office holder whose predecessor is Edward Douglass White and has son named Charles Phelps Taft II?
Name the TV show whose company is Playtone and written by Graham Yost?
Is Steve Nash the chairman of Vancouver Whitecaps FC?
Which line of the Vadodara Junction railway station is the route end of Mumbai Vadodara Expressway ?
Name the river whose mouth mountain is Southend-on-Sea and mouth place is Essex?
Is the Vadodara railway junction owned by Indian Railway Ministry?
Which partner of the Tim Mathieson is also the primeminister of the Mike Kelly (Australian politician) ?
Which party of the Mizoram Legislative Assembly is the government type of kumta ?
Did Jerry Siegel create Lois Lane?
Name the person who was educated at Harvard-Westlake and won the Screen Actor Guild Life Achievement Award ?
List the movie whose music was given by Geoffrey Burgon and distributed by Cinema International Corporation?
Was Zachary taylor a major general?
Which university of Alexandre Tichonov is the place of death of Valentin Muratov /
What is the appliance build jointly by Sony and Asus?
What band was Afrika Baby Bam a part of, and often performed with Q Tip?
Was True Grit a novel of the western genre?
List the common sports between Fr. Agnel Multipurpose School  and Jamiatu Muslim Mindanao
Which training center of William Anthony has also alumni named Philip W Pillsbury ?
Does Abdelhameed Amarri currently play for Khartoum?
Name the movies directed by Stanley Kubrick and edited by Anthony Harvey?
What is the order of the Henry Clay and profession of the William Luther Hill?
What river ends in Indian Ocean and also starts somewhere in Zambia?
List the sports of PATTS College of Aeronautics which are of interest of Jon Speelman ?
What religion does roshan ranasinghe and nhiek tioulong follow?
Which sitcom is broadcasted by FOX and presented by Brian Dunkleman?
Did Alexandre Tichonov study at the Moscow university?
Is Grand Bahama lie in the achipelago of the bahamas?
What is the nation of the Major All Stars Season 1 and Pioneer Corporation ?
Which river inflow of the Cahora Bassa is also Batoka Gorge Hydroelectric Power Station's river ?
Which administrative region leader is Sukhumbhand Paribatra and was founded by  Rama I?
Which work of Craig van Tilbury is close to the area of The Chess Monthyl ?
Is Stephanie Rice the flagbearer of Australia at the 2008 Summer Olympics?
Which region of Bannock is the origin od Spaghetti squash ?
Where did Doug Walgren and Lee Si Chen study?
Which company developed both Dart and Go?
Which serving railway line of the Daund Junction railway station is the home port of INS Viraat ?
What is the Location of the Dofinivka Estuary which is also the  birthplace of the Liliya Lobanova ?
What disease led to the demise of Letitia MacTavish Hargrave and Martino Martini ?
Was Duanne Allman famous for playing the Gibson SG?
Where are INKAS located which is also the state of origin for Jojo Chintoh ?
Whihc birthpalce of Svetlana Gounkina is also the largest city of Union State ?
Which country is the birth place of Marcus Samuelsson and Samuel of Waldebba ?
Which sucessor of George Madison is the sucessor of levi Lincoln, Sr. ?
does the US navy have the structure of command of us department of defence?
Which TV show distributed by Warner Bros. has Christopher Franke as one of the artist ?
Which broad cast area od CFRX is the country of North America Poker Tour ?
Which company of Ford Theatre is the owning organization of F0ord Kansa City Assemply Plant ?
is blue lagoon island a part of the bahamas achipelago?
Which coach of Marquette Golden Eagles men's basketball team is also the head coach  of Virginia Tech Hokies men's basketball team ?
What genre is PyChess from, which employes Craig Van Tilbury?
Who has been married to both Penny Lancaster and Alana Stewart?
Which river flows through Hudson Highlands State park and also through Troy, New york ?
Which moto of american Classical League is also the academic discipline of Probus ?
Is the Bucyrus MT6300AC assembled in north america?
What place is the birthplace of Vijay Chavan where Eka Lagnachi Teesri Goshta is located as well?
In which movies directed by Orson Welles has Bernard Herrmann as music composer ?
What state was Cyrus Mann born in, and has the famous Downriver ?
Is the charat district a district in peru?
Which tenants of the Master Card center is also th draft team of Sam Carrick 
Is Judy Garland a character of End of the Rainbow?
What are the houses of the Parliament Security Services and Parliament of India ?
Count the total number of bacterias whose division is Firmicutes and domain is Bacteria?
Which destinations of the Air 2000 is also the location continent of the Falken Tire ?
Which route start of Moscow-Kazan high-speed railway is the home stadium of 2011-12 FC Spartak Moscow ?
Name a basketball player with teams as Chicago Bulls and Phoenix Suns?
Name the television show whose voice is given by  April Stewart and theme music composer is Primus (band)?
Which publisher of Lucifer's hammer is also known for Jo Garcia ?
Was Elton John a chairman of a Watford FC Season?
What is the craft of the Ralph Flanders which is also the profession of  Claiborne Pell ?
List the mammals whose taxonomy is Diprotodontia and phylum is Chordate?
Among which sitcoms in which theme music is composed by Gary Portnoy is located in Massachusetts ?
What foundation palce of Temenos Group is the death palce of jerzy Jzef Poocki ?
Name the  borough of the Bordesley railway station which is also the route end of the Birmingham and Oxford Junction Railway?
In which war did Roh Tae Woo and Lee Leffingwell fight?
For which team did Cam Plante and Doug Acomb both play atleast once?
Who is  venerated in  Judaism and Islam?
Which executive producer of Into the Dalek also produced Wizards vs Aliens ?
Does Mauritius follow a parliamentary republic?
Did Steve Sampson manage a club of Santa Clara university
Who are the parents of  Charles Phelps Taft II and Robert A. Taft?
Does the north carolina highway 280 end in Arden?
Which hometown of pavel Moroz is also the place of birthplace of Helena of Moscow ?
Name the movies for which music was given by  Geoffrey Burgon and distributed by  Cinema International Corporation?
What would be the most important creation which involved both Neil Cross and Russel Davies ?
Does A foreign policy of freedom belong to the genre Politics?
What is the launch site of the Juno I which was also the ground of 2016 Fort Lauderdale Strikers season ?
List down the common sports played by PATTS College of Aeronautics and lytechnic University of the Philippines Taguig ?
Which architect of Marine Corps Air Station Kaneohe Bay was also tenant of New Sanno hotel?