Which home town of PAvel Moroz is the death location of the Yakov Estrin ?
Name the scientist whose supervisor was Ernest Rutherford and had a doctoral students named Charles Drummond Ellis?
What is the common affiliation of the Monroe Carell Jr. Children's Hospital at Vanderbilt and alma mater of the Duncan U. Fletcher?
What is the hometown of Nader Guirat, where Josef Johansson was born too?
Which share holder of outlook is also the content license of the MSX Basics ?
Which band's  former member are Kevin Jonas and Joe Jonas?
Which shareholder of Dagenham wind turbines is also the parent company of the Ford Falcon Cobra?
What is the local authority of the Trinity School, Brentwood and place of birth of the Sarah Walker (badminton) ?
Name the team for which Hensley Meulens played, whihc was also the debut team od Steve Ontiveros ?
Name the island with archipelago as Society Islands and has the largest city named Faaa ?
What company involved in the development of Sherlock did Arthur Levinson work for?
Whose provides the service of  Outlook and also products  such as Visual Studio?
In which team did Dave Bing and Ron Reed started their basketball career?
Who is associated to Publius Servilius Vatia Isauricus  and Marcus Calpurnius Bibulus?
Which country has given citizenship to both saima chowdhury and edmund john?
Who is the person that first ascented the Cathedral Peak and Mount Hoffmann?
Which composer of Girl from the North Country is the subsequent work of the Moondog Matinee?
What is the television show whose vocals are performed by  April Stewart and Mona Marshall?
Name the members of  boards of Freedom of the City and Trinity House?
In which war did Roh Tae Woo and Lee Leffingwell fight?
Which company has a product named Visual Studio and One Drive as service ?
What is the incumbent of the Al Gore presidential campaign, 2000 and also the president of the Ann Lewis ?
What is the region of the Kim Sawchuk which is also served by the Airtours International Airways ?
Which company offer service of Outlook.com and OneDrive?
Name the sea with Helsinki as one of the shore city and is also an outflow for Danish straits?
What is the common nickname given both to Harding academy and Lyons township high school?
What is the profession of the Chris Myers (New Jersey) which is the governing body of Oahu Railway and Land Company ?
Which television show's developer is Brian Graden and voices to the character is by Isaac Hayes?
Which arena of WPC Dynamo Moscow is death location of Tigran Petrosian >
What is the alma mater of the Angela Trusty and Charles Ayres?
Which band had the members of The Conglomerate, and has made 'Before I let you go'?
Where are Aureus and Solidus used as currency?
What system is both a platform where Nord runs and also distributed The beauty inside?
Name the television show whose distributor is Comedy central and  the character voice is given by Isaac hayes ?
What is the common school of Chris Marve and Neria Douglass?
Name the TV show whose composer is Judy Hart Angelo and company as Paramount Television ?
Name the military unit whose garrison is Arlington County, Virginia and command structure is United States Department of Defense?
Name the office holder whose predecessor is  Henry E. Catto, Jr. and won Screen Actors Guild Life Achievement Award?
Who are buried in  Rome and Mausoleum of Augustus?
Who is the office holder with deputies as Neil Brown and Andrew Peacock?
Which executive producer of Into the Dalek also produced Wizards vs Aliens ?
Which artist of Madagascar: Operation Penguin is also the writer of He's a Pirate ?
Name the basketball team which is coached by Louis Dunbar and has president as Jeff Munn ?
Which hometown of pavel Moroz is also the palace of birthplace of Helena of Moscow ?
Name the common associate band of Blayse and Teddy Riley ?
Which predecessor of Alexander Downer was deputy to Neil Brown ?
Rashid Behbudov State Song Theatre and Baku Puppet Theatre can be found in which country?
What is the birthplace of Liudmila Privivkova and Qadir Huseynov ?
What is the craft of the Ralph Flanders which is also the profession of  Claiborne Pell ?
Name the company whose one of the product is Pixar Image Computer and has one of the key person as Edwin Catmull?
Who has official residences at Beverly Hills and Colts Neck Township ?
Which executive producer of the ultimate merger is also an important person at Trump Productions?
What is the record label of the Next Thing and also the  label of the The Producers (2005 film)?
What is the award presented by Downtown Athletic Club and Yale Club NYCity?
What race of Linda Hogan is the state of origin of the Holmes Colbert ?
What is the common race of the Martin Molony and race of the Coneygree ?
Name the movies distributed by RKO Pictures and has music composer as Bernard Herrmann?
Which magazine's publisher is Jann Wenner and founded by Ralph J. Gleason?
Name the mountain whose range is Sierra Nevada (U.S.) and parent mountain peak is Nevado de Toluca?
Which television show's network  is BBC HD and is related to Doctor Who Confidential?
Who is the artist of Sings Kristofferson and also performed Milk Cow Blues atleast once?
Which river ends at  Thames Estuary and North Sea?
Name the office holder with predecessor as Samuel W. McCall and office in Massachusetts House of Representatives?
Who had  Joe Purcell and Winston Bryant as lieutenants ?
Who has official residences at Colts Neck Township and Beverly Hills?
Name the river with source as Shannon Pot and its mouth is located in Limerick?
What is the common licence of the Frontaccounting and nUbuntu?
Which TV shows distributor is Broadcast syndication and developed by Brian Graden ?
Which office holder's governor is Charles Willing Byrd and has final resting place in North Bend, Ohio?
Which company founded by Fusajiro Yamauchi gives service as Nintendo Network?
What is the common profession of William Luther Hill and Claiborne Pell?
Name the movie whose director is Ridley Scott and it's music composer is Vangelis?
Who is the musical artist worked for labels Celluloid Records and Victor Entertainment?
Which tenant of New Sanno Hotel is the military branch of the Gary Holder-Winfield ?
Which draft team of bob Macmillan is also the prospect team of Mikhail Pashnin ?
Whichi  burial place of the Henri, Duke of Rohan is also the birth place of Michel Frutschi ?
What is the agency name of the Ministry of Information and Communication Technology (Thailand) and distribution region  of the Channel 9 MCOT HD ?
What is the television show whose subsequent work is Crusade (TV series) and developed by  J. Michael Straczynski?
Which content license of the MSX BASIC is also the profession of the Laura K. Ipsen ?
Which college of Luke List (golfer) is the alma mater of K. Terry Dornbush
Count the total number of software whose programming language is C++ and operating system is Microsoft Windows?
Which serving railway line of the Daund Junction railway station was also the place where 99 (2009 film) was recorded ?
Which office holder's resting place is Alta Mesa Memorial park and has adrian A. Basora as successor ?
Name the movie written by Monty Python and distributed by Cinema International Corporation ?
Which governor of Charles Willing byrd fought the battle of Siege of Fort Recovery ?
Which parent company of  Edsel was the first team of the 1967 Mexican Grand Prix ?
Name the line of the Vadodara Junction railway station which is also the  hub airport of the Pawan Hans?
Name the TV show whose opening theme is Gary Portnoy and the subsequent work is Frasier?
Whose county seats are Mediolanum and History of Trier?
Which shareholder of Naval Air facility Adak is also the operator of New Sanno Hotel ?
Which key person of Clinton Foundation is also the president of Jim Sasser ?
Name an airline with hub airports as Los Angeles International Airport and San Francisco International Airport?
Where is the assembly of Plymouth Savoy, and where Special 26 was recorded?
Whichd officer's final resting place is North Bend, ohio and belongs to Indiana Territory branch 
Give me all commanders which had an important role in both, the Battle of Fort Stephenson and Battle of the Thames?
Which president of Lance Adams-Schneider had nickname Daniel O'Regan ?
List the software using C++ as programming language and licence is Software as a service?
Count the number of shows whose creators are Jerry Seinfeld and Larry David?
What is the television show whose company is Playtone and written by Erik Jendresen?
Which office holder allegiance is Colony of Virginia and was has a wife named Dolley Madison ?
Which operating system provider of LG Optimus Vu is also the employer of Manu Cornet ?
Which TV show is related to The Sarah Jane Adventures and theme music is composed by  Ron Grainer?
Which educational institution of Jack Mcgregor is also the alma mater of Donn barber ?
What is the common party of the Manthena Venkata Raju and  B. Shiva Rao?
What is the official residence of the Lula J. Davis which is also the death location of the John McTaggart (jockey) ?
Who has been married to both Penny Lancaster and Alana Stewart?
Name the movie written by Monty Python and has music composer as Geoffrey Burgon ?
What musician is often associated with Tiffany Villarreal and wrote Same Song?
What common team are Mikhail Pashnin and Robin Kovacs expected to play for?
What is the allegiance of the Albert Kwesi Ocran and state of origin of the Jojo Chintoh ?
Which publisher of Stone Canoe is also the university for which Michael Powell plays for ?
Name the river whose source mountain is Baikal Mountains and mouth location is Arctic Ocean?
Tell me the name of the Prime Time Entertainment Network's TV show whose Artist is Christopher Franke ?
Which TV show had a judge named Harry Connick, Jr. and was presented by Ryan Seacrest?
What is the alma mater of the James Still which is also the alma mater of Tom Maniatis?
What is the president whose lieutenants are Winston Bryant and Joe Purcell?
Name the common current team of the Avalon biddle and John mcGuinness ?
In which race did Coneygree the racehorse and Fergie Sutherland the horse trainer participate?
Which purpose of the Maharashtra Chess Association is Abhijit kunte is also know for ?
Which broadcast area of Mauritius Broadcasting Corporation is also the nationality of Michael Medor ?
What is the settlement whose neighboring municipalities is Lancy and mayor name is Esther Alder?
Whihc alma mater of angela Trusty is also the training center of David Scherman ?
Which successor of Philippine Ports Authority is the state of origin of Ruben J. Villote ?
Name the F1 racer with relative as Ralf Schumacher and has child named Mick Schumacher?
Which political party of Arunachal Pradesh Legislative Assembly election, 2014 was the leader of Rishikesh ?
What is the common battle fought by Stephen Urban and Ali Habib Mahmud ?
Which allegiance of the John Kotelawala is also the  sovereign state of the Sanath Weerakoon ?
What show  has theme music composer as Ron Grainer and at the same time  related to Class (2016 TV series)?
What awards have been once awarded to Ingmar Bergman, and have employed the service of Laemmle Theatres?
Which team did Bill Murphy and Jean Segura play for?
What location country of AH141 is also the nation of malaysia Junior hockey league ?
What is the common nationality of Funny Face a comedian and that of Georgina Theodora Wood ?
Which nearest city of Jurgens Site is the death plce of Jimmie Heuga ?
Who is the leader of the Kriminalpolizei and Ordnungspolizei?
Which ethnicity do Linda Hogan and Riley Reid come from?
Which county of Tremont Avenue is also the birht place of Ron Galotti ?
Who appointed Joseph Clay and William Cushing to their office?
Name the licensee of the WRVU who has the affiliation of  Monroe Carell Jr. Children's Hospital at Vanderbilt ?
List the developers who has contributed to both GNOWSYS and GNU TeXmacs ?
Which animator of the The Skeleton Dance is also the  cinematographer of the Mickey's Mellerdrammer?
Which television show is the subsequent work of Frasier and the opening theme is Gary Portnoy?
Which builder of Ford Straight-6 engine is also the automobile latform provider of Chiva bus ?
Which non fiction of the Thud is also the field of the Jon Speelman ?
What is the owning organisation of the Ford Kansas City Assembly Plant and also the builder of the Ford Y-block engine?
In which movies directed by Orson Welles has Bernard Herrmann as music composer ?
Which associated band of the Teddy Riley is also the performer of the Before I Let You Go?
List the judges of Rising Star which is also the artist of Brad Paisley discography ?
Name the river whose mouth mountain is Southend-on-Sea and mouth place is Essex?
What is the official residence of the Helen Getachew which is also the palce of death of the Haile Selassie Gugsa ?
What is the nationality of the J. T. Krogh which is also the  sovereign state of the Camilla Martin
Name the saint whose major shrine is in Canada and was canonized by Pope Benedict XVI?
What is the television show whose sculptor is C. E. Webber and composed by Murray Gold?
What is the title of the Kakae and also the district of the Robert William Wilcox ?
Name the company which provides Outlook.com as service and also has a product named Microsoft Azure ?
Name the scientist who was awarded a position in Royal Society and has academic advisor as Franz Brentano?
What is the common party of Chandra Shekhar and Govinda  ?
Which university of Alexandre Tichonov is the place of death of Valentin Muratov /
What are the common houses of US Congress and the Kansas Legislature?
Which administrative headquarters of the Pulau Ubin is also the resting place of the Nicole Lai
What is the common military branch of the Thomas Darden and that of Edwin F. Hunter
Which is the common nation of Louisa Hill and American Football Wellington from?
What is the order of the Henry Clay and profession of the William Luther Hill?
Name the scientist whose academic advisor is Karl Ewald Hasse and supervisor is Georg Meissner?
Which party of Rishang Keishing is the leader at Manendragarh ?
Name the movies in which music is give by  Laurie Johnson and edited by Anthony Harvey ?
 Name the city whose province is Metropolitan City of Venice and has leader as Luigi Brugnaro ?
Name the television show whose voice is given by April Stewart and it's distributor is Broadcast syndication?
Which show's theme music was composed by Primus and voiced by Isaac Hayes?
What are the reason served by Toll Global Express which is also the country of LPGA ?
Count the  total number of mammals whose phylum is Chordate and order (taxonomy) is Diprotodontia?
Whose commanders are Colin Powell and Jaber Al-Ahmad Al-Sabah?
Name the river passing through Reading Berkshire and has mouth place at Essex ?
What is the nation of the Major All Stars Season 1 and Pioneer Corporation ?
What is the fictional character which has Clan McDuck and Ludwig Von Draken as relatives?
What is the products of the BBC Multimedia and series of the The Last Resort (Doctor Who)
How many have former teams as Indianapolis Colts and Carolina Panthers?
Which  governing body of the Oahu Railway and Land Company is also the military branch of the Jimmy Quillen ?
What actor starred in Splash and is married to Rita Wilson?
Who was the prime minister of Victor Hope, 2nd Marquess of Linlithgow and also the editor of British Gazette ?
Name the fictional character whose relative are Duck family and Clan McDuck?
Name the movies distributed by Warner Bros. and directed by Ridley Scott ?
What is the Recorded of the Kaptaan is also the headquarters of the Orient News ?
Name the office holder whose predecessor is Henry E. Catto, Jr. and successor is Adrian A. Basora?
Name the common musical band of Take Me There and Tonight's the Night ?
What is the university whose campus are Indiana and Iowa?
Which cities of the American Mediterranean Sea has Nickname Entronque de Herradura?
What is the municipality of the Brown's Corners, Toronto and also the  place of birth of the George Karrys
Which writer of A streetcar Named Desire is also the author of The Catastrophe of Success ?
What state was Cyrus Mann born in, and has the famous Downriver ?
List books authored by Miguel de Cervantes and published by Francisco de Robles ?
What is the Location of the Peetz Table Wind Energy Center which is also the state of Ben Nighthorse Campbell ?
What is the citizenship of the Sarah Kazemy and land of the Cervelle de canut
Which creator of Theme Time Radio Hour has also given the  musical score of the The Times They Are a-Changin' (musical)?
Among the universities having Gyrfalcon as mascot which have Michelle D. Johnson as superintendent ? 
Whose opponents are Ike Clanton and Billy Clanton?
Name the common alma mater of the Henry Morton Dexter and Jack McGregor
Which famous writer was married to Jill Krementz and had a son named Edith Vonnegut ?
What is the main common interests of the Philip Novak and Timothy Morton?
What is the company which has Raymond Conner and Dennis Muilenburg as key person?
What is the field of the Jon Speelman and occupation of the Karen Grigorian?
Name the river with source country in Zambia and source region as North-Western Province, Zambia?
Who has Saint Joseph and Mary as parents ?
What is the place of birth of the Kira Plastinina and Sergey Ryazansky
What belongs to the families of Buccinidae and Buccinoidea?
Which TV show's executive producer is Douglas Netter and composed by Stewart Copeland ?
Name the television show whose network is TNT (TV channel) and Prime Time Entertainment Network?
For which common president did Jim Sasser and Mike McCurry work?
What academic discipline of the Journal of Cerebral Blood Flow & Metabolism is also the record label of the Double Diamond (album)?
What team does John McGeever play for, which also employed Ben Dreith at some time?
Which series are Lennier and Londo Mollari both from?
Who is the office holder whose deputy was Andrew Peacock and predecessor was Alexander Downer?
What is the river whose mouth locations are Arctic Ocean and Laptev Sea?
What band had  Nick Jonas and Kevin Jonas as former members ?
What is the combatant of the Northwest Indian War and also the ethnic group of the Linda Hogan 
Name the movie with narrator as Trevor Peacock and music composer  as Christophe Beck?
Who is the President of the United World College of Costa Rica and United World Colleges ?
Which movie produced by Michael Deeley was distributed by Warner Bros ?
For which team did Cam Plante and Doug Acomb both play atleast once?
What is the owner of Ivanpah Solar Power Facility and the original developer of Dart?
Name the movie which has music composed by Elliot Goldenthal and screenplay by Akiva Goldsman ?
Whihc party of the Mizoram Legislative Assembly is the government type of kumta ?
What is the birthplace of the Ferrel Harris which is also resting palce of  Green Wix Unthank?
Which birthplace of Liliya Lobanova is also the location of the Snake Island ?
What is the common governing body of the Naval Air Facility Adak and Oahu Railway and Land Company?
Name the television show whose company is HBO and Playtone?
Who is the common parent of Gettv and hypnotize mind ?
Name the person with opponents Ike Clanton and Tom McLaury?
Which city was founded by  George Washington and John Forbes (British Army officer)?
Which key perosn of the Elders is also the president of united World College ?
Which education institute of Duncan U. Fletcher is also the university of Vanderbilt Commodores ?
Which license provider of MSX basic is also the designer of Language Integrated Query ?
Name the office holder with predecessor as Mark Latham and partner Tim Mathieson ?
What is the location city of the Denver Broncos which is also  place of birth of the William C. Cramer ?
Which video game's artist is Hiroji Kiyotake and computing platform is Virtual Console?
Which architect of Marine Corps Air Station Kaneohe Bay was also tenant of New Sanno hotel /'
What are the players whose former teams are Carolina Panthers and Indianapolis Colts?
Deion sanders and Hinkey haines debuted their career with which common team?
Which destination of the Novair International Airways is also the  predecessor of the Chevrolet Caprice?
List the movie whose music was given by Geoffrey Burgon and distributed by Cinema International Corporation?
Which series has an episode called The lost special and also a character named Sherlock Holmes ?
Who is the writer of the Cavalcade of America and The United States Steel Hour ?
To what nation do Victor Gunasekara and Anuruddha Ratwatte owe their allegiance?
What is the region served by Toll Global Express and also borders Siberia ?
Which destination of Emerald Air is also the city served by houston Fort Bend Airport ?
What are the software whose operating systems are Mac OS and Microsoft Windows?
What is the city  of the 2015 MLS All-Star Game and birthplace of the The Okee Dokee Brothers
Name the TV show whose producer is Stephen E. Ambrose and company is HBO ?
Name the fictional character whose relatives are Huey, Dewey, and Louie and is of species American Pekin duck?
List the saints venerated in Islam having major shrine as Tomb of Joshua ?
What is the death place of the Marina Pankova and Viktor Ulyanich?
What is the area of the Tar Heel Sports Network which is  official residence of the Michael Nichols (photographer) ?
Name the television show developed by J. Michael Straczynski and distributed by Warner Bros. Television?
Which river's source mountain is Baikal Mountains and it's mouth is Lena Delta Wildlife Reserve?
Name the person whose daughter is Rohan Marley and also another children named Sharon Marley ?
Which publisher of Lucifer's hammer is also known for Jo Garcia ?
Which place founded by Penobscot Island Air is also the location fo Ellei Johndro ?
In which mountain Inyo National Forest and California are located?
List the American MEditerranean Sea city is also the place of death of Laszlo Bellak ?
What is the common nationality of Viveka Babajee anad Ronny Vencatachellum ?
What is the hub airport of Pawan Hans, and is also the largest city of India?
Who represent the constituencies of Noe Valley and Duboce Triangle ?
Which key person of maryland jockey club is the appointer of Joseph Clay ?
How many have been venerateds in Islam and Judaism?
Name the river whose mouth country is Mozambique and source region is North-Western Province, Zambia?
Which religion did both anupong paochinda and udit raj follow?
Which mountain is located in inyo National Forest and has a parent peak named Nevado de Toluca ?
Whihc state of Timothy J. Roemer is also the location city of Dad's Root Beer ?
Which operator of New Sanno Hotel is also the  governing body of the Oahu Railway and Land Company ?
What was founded by pina Records which has name of Geography of Puerto Rico ?
What is the military unit whose command structures are United States Department of the Navy and United States Department of Defense?
What was recorded by Live in Detroit, MI and also palce of birth of the Bodhin Kjolhede?
Which animal is the mascot of the 1502nd Infantry Brigade (Ready Reserve) and Galatasaray Handball Team ?
Which key person of the Clinton Foundation is also the president of Edward J. Perkins ?
Which are the comics characters painted by Bruce Timm and created by  Paul Dini?
What is a common nickname given to both Lyons Township high school and the wheaton college in massachusetts?
List the scientists whose doctoral advisor is Ernest Rutherford and are known for Manhattan Project?
Who was on the boards of Freedom of the City and Royal Society?
Which animator of the The Skeleton Dance is also the director of The Haunted House (1929 film) ?
Which high school of the Jerry Tagge also was the palce hwer Temptation Waits was recorded ?
Which state of Tendaho dam is the headquarters of Ethiopian People's revolutionary democratic Front located ?
Name the common architecture of the Grand Serail of Aleppo and Shaheed Minar, Kolkata ?
Name the company founded in New Mexico and provides Outlook.com as services ?
Name the sea whose inflow is Kemijoki and outflow is Danish straits?
List common systems are developed by of the Google Videos and written by of the Google Web Toolkit ?
Who is known for are War of 1812 and Battle of the Thames?
Who voiced in Peanuts Motion Comics and The Peanuts Movie?
 Wringer (novel) and Maniac Magee is the notable work of which author?
Which associate musical artist of Carolyn Dennis is also the composer of Motorpsycho Nitemare ?
What is the political party of Arun Chandra Guha and Indira Gandhi?
What is the Team Name  of the Cristo Rey Jesuit High School (Chicago) and is also the nickname of the Lyons Township High School ?
Which awards have been given to both Ingmar Bergman and Charles LeMaire?
Who worked at  A Goon's Deed in a Weary World and CBS?
Ford Air Transport Service and Falcon cobra are both owned by which company?
Name the movies directed by Stanley Kubrick and edited by Anthony Harvey?
Whichlocation city of the Denver Broncos is the palce of birth of Steven Clark Cunningham ?
Name the office holder whose Governor is Charles Willing Byrd and has resting place as North Bend, Ohio?
Rostock and Oulu is the shore cities on which sea ?
Name the kingdom with currency Solidus (coin) and administrative headquarters in Nicomedia?
Which owner of Chelsea F.C also owns Evraz ?
Which major shrine of Tekle haymanot is the palce of death of Haile Selassie Gugsa ?
List the work  edited by  Mark Stevens and directed by Joel Schumacher?
Name the office holder with associate as Marcus Calpurnius Bibulus and has a kid named Augustus?
List TV shows with producer as Erik Bork and company is DreamWorks Television ?
What country provides a citizenship too Newin Chidchob and Seni Pramoj?
Which admin center of pulau Ujong is also the largest city of Pulau Ubin ?
What is the ideology of the Union of Cambodian Democrats which is also the ideology of Palang Dharma Party ?
whose is famous works are Maniac Magee and Wringer ?
What is the venerated in of the Abraham and religion of the Saima Chowdhury
To which label did The Producers and I pray on Christmas sign up?
What is the organisation whose purposes are Environmentalism and Peace?
Which sports by Polytechnic University of the Philippines Taguig is the discipline of The Chess Monthly ?
Name a royalty whose one of the child is Augustus  and is associated with Publius Servilius Vatia Isauricus?
Name the garrison of the Western Naval Command and line of the Vadodara Junction railway station ?
Which cloud platform of Google cloud connect also provides services to 21Vianet ?
List bacteria whose order (taxonomy) is Bacillales and domain is Bacteria?
Name the writer whose one of the notable work is Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and died in Redding, Connecticut?
Who is the owner of  Latvian Wikipedia and Wiktionary ?
Which country had the county seats as History of Trier and Mediolanum?
What is the common university iof vanderbilt Commodores and also the college of hubert Wiggs ?
Name a military unit whose command structure is United States Department of the Navy and garrison is Arlington County, Virginia?
What is the alma mater of the Marshall Fletcher McCallie and has affiliation with  Vanderbilt University Medical Center ?
What is the river that falls into North Sea and Thames Estuary?
Name the newspaper owned by Schibsted and headquartered at Stockholm?
Name the television show distributed by Broadcast syndication and voiced by Eliza Schneider?
Where were Justina Machado and John Englehard born?
Which scientist's academic advisor is Georg Meissner and is known for invention of Anthrax ?
Which job of Irving Chernev is the non-fiction subject of the Thud ?
What is the birthplace of Ludovic Boi which is also the residence of Fernando Augustin?
Who has Kelly Osbourne and Ozzy Osbourne as relatives?
Name the president who has relations with Clinton family and had a lieutenant named Winston Bryant?
What are the organisation founded in Texas and Dallas?
Count the movies directed by Tim Burton and music composer Danny Elfman ?
Whose military units are VMF-218 and VMF-155?
What software is developed by GNOWSYS and is licensed by Frontaccounting?
Who was the president at the time when both Carl Stokes and Joseph Stiglitz held a position in US political framework?
What is the municipality of the Homestead Grays Bridge and Roberto Clemente Bridge?
Who  has these major shrines  : Emmitsburg, Maryland and Shrine of St. Elizabeth Ann Bayley Seton?
Name the TV show whose company is Playtone and written by Graham Yost?
What is the name of the television show whose company is Paramount Television and theme music composer is Gary Portnoy?
Name the television show whose voice is given by  April Stewart and theme music composer is Primus (band)?
Name the actor of Soylent Green to which Lydia Clarke is married ?
Name the artist who made Dream Dancing and is often associated with Joe Pass?
Which battle of  Khalid bin Sultan was also the conflict of Steve Buyer ?
How many molluscas are there whose families are Buccinidae and Buccinoidea?
Which  institution of the Alton Ochsner is the alma mater of the Michael Hahn ?
Name the television show whose creator is Simon Fuller and presented by Ryan Seacrest?
Purnima Banerjee and Rishang Keishing are politicians of what party ?
Name the organization which developed iPhone OS and the XNU?
What is the river whose source region is North-Western Province, Zambia and river mouth is Indian Ocean?
Which university attended by Donn Barber and education institute of Jack McGregor ?
Which famous horserace has seen both Fergie sutherland and the illustrious War of Attrition?
Name the TV show with distributor as Broadcast syndication and has theme music composed by Primus ?
Which military unit garrison is Arlington County, Virginia and The Pentagon?
Name the university with mascot as Aubie and president as jay Gogue ?
Which country has the Carmel Winery and the Teperberg 1870 winery ?
Name the river whose source is located in Itasca State Park and mouth is located in Pilottown, Louisiana?
Name the movies for which music was given by  Geoffrey Burgon and distributed by  Cinema International Corporation?
What is the faith of the Ajith Perera and religious affiliation of the Neungin High School?
What is the mascot of the Royal Australian Air Force and Austin College?
Who managed England national under-20 football team and Middlesbrough F.C.?
Name an American football player whose debuted in Chicago Bears and former team is 1998 Baltimore Ravens season?
What is the deathplace of the Anatoly Kharlampiyev which is also the death place of  Lyudmila Buldakova?
Name the common record label of I pray on Christmas and Next Thing ?
Which television show's theme music composer is Gary Portnoy and subsequent work is Frasier?
Which non fictional subject of Thud is the athletics of PATTS College of Aeronautics ?
Name the common nationality of Georgina Theodora Wood and akwasi Oppong Fosu ?
What is the sovereign state of the Dafydd Benfras where Jasmine Lowson is also citizen of ?
Which ancient country had capital as Nicomedia and History of Trier?
Whose creators are Jerry Seinfeld and Larry David?
Who was in youth clubs of FC Barcelona and Newell's Old Boys?
Which river's mouth is located in Gulf of Mexico and has source location as Itasca State Park ?
Which adminstrative region of Lawrence F. Cafero is also the resting place of Samuel Keeler ?
Who appointed both John Drayton and William Clark to their respective offices?
Which work is both Neil Cross and Lars Pearson both known for ?
Which predecessor of the PlayStation 4 is also the developer of Oddworld: Munch's Oddysee?
Name the college of the Allama Matthews which also has affiliation with  Monroe Carell Jr. Children's Hospital at Vanderbilt
Name the common distributing label of the Chinga Chang Records and StandBy Records ?
Which line of the Vadodara Junction railway station is the route end of Mumbai Vadodara Expressway ?
In which racing championships did Bobby Beasley and Martin Molony participate?
Which builder of Edwin Andrews Air Base isalso place of birth of the Akinoumi Setsuo ?
What is a common ingredient used in boyt Blodpalt and Kaszanka ?
Name the river whose mouth mountain is Essex and river mouth is North Sea?
Name the driver who was at pole in 1997 Canadian Grand Prix and also 1994 Spanish Grand Prix ?
Which college has been attended  by both Mr. Hubert Wiggs and Mr. Alvin Bell?
What is the academic discipline of the Journal of Cerebral Blood Flow & Metabolism and also an ingredient of the Ragout fin ?
What is the political party of the Satish Kumar Sharma which is also the political party of Manthena Venkata Raju?
Which company developed both Dart and Go?
Which city near Nihoa is the place of death of jim Brady ?
Which destinations of the Air 2000 is also the location continent of the Falken Tire ?
What show has Sirius XM Holdings and Fox Sports Radio as channels ?
What are Breann McGregor and Anika Knudsen, both known for?
Which sport at Polytechnic University of the Philippines Taguig is the field of Jon speelman ?
Which senator served in military units VMF-155 and VMF-218?
What is the common award won by Charles LeMaire and Eric Roth
Which musical artist collaborated with Tony Allen (musician) and label is Victor Entertainment?
What is the base currency of the Benelux and is also used as money in Kerguelen Islands?
Which appointer of the Joseph Clay (Georgia) is also the  President of the William Carmichael (diplomat) ?
What is the leading party in Baraily which Chandra Shekhar too is associated with?
List the bacterias whose division is Firmicutes and domain is bacteria?
Name the basketball player who played for Phoenix Suns and Los Angeles Clippers was his draft team?
Which country is the birth place of Marcus Samuelsson and Samuel of Waldebba ?
Which river's source place is Gloucestershire and mouth in North Sea?
Which institution of the Alton Ochsner is also the alma mater of John Michael Seabright ?
Which city near to Elliott Bay was the death place of George F. Moore ?
Who have children named James Roosevelt and Franklin Delano Roosevelt, Jr.?
What are the houses of the Parliament Security Services and Parliament of India ?
For which team did both Butch Metzger and Brian Horwitz debuted ? 
Name the TV shows with network as NBC and company as Paramount Television ?
Which musical artist associated with Tony Allen has label with Celluloid Records ?
Whose labels are Victor Entertainment and Celluloid Records?
Which former team of the Harry Parker (baseball) is the  debut team of the Carl Sitton?
Which area operataed by the South Side Elevated Railroad is also the palce of death of the Sakari Suzuki ?
Which band made the song Take me There, and has collaborated with Blayse in the past?
How many have order (taxonomy) as Bacillales and division as Firmicutes are there?
How many have company as Paramount Television and network as NBC are there?
Which awards has been given to both michel hazanavicius and geoffrey rush?
Name the common editor of Easy Street (film) and Work (film)?
Whose successors are Robert P. Smith and Adrian A. Basora?
Which team did Wilfred McDonalds and Cam Plante play for?
What is the common debut team of the Butch Metzger and Dan Otero?
Name the river whose source place is Gloucestershire and mouth place is Southend-on-Sea ?
Which college of the Luke List (golfer) is the alma mater of the Park Trammell ?
Count the movies edited by  Mark Stevens (film editor) and were directed by Joel Schumacher?
Which fictional character portrayed by Roger barton has Darth Vader as family member ?
Elizabeth Alexander and Jared Bernstein served under which Vice President?
What is the common product of the Apple Productivity Experience Group and services of the 21Vianet ?
Which destination of the Novair International Airway is the source origin of Spaghetti squash ?
Who is the compiler of British Gazette whose prime minister is also Peter Thorneycroft ?
What is the common region of the braod cast area of ITV and nationality of Ajahn Thate ?
What work has been directed by Orson Welles and distributed by  RKO Pictures?
Which nearest city of LoDaisKa Site is also the location of Oskar Blues Brewery ?
What city is the place of birth of Alexander Morozevich which is also the official residence of Dmitri Nossov ?
Give the name of the  managers of England national under-20 football team and England national under-21 football team?
Harry Huston and Dick Spalding played their first match for which team?
Whose relatives are Uncle Henry (Oz) and Aunt Em?
Which ceremonial County of the East Tilbury is also the local authority of the Trinity School, Brentwood?
List the common prime minister of the Robert Ray and graham richardson ?
Name the television show where Mona Marshall has given voice and is distributed by Comedy Central?
Which founder of sea Gayle Music is also the judge of Rising Star ?
Name the award given in Norway and presented by Swedish Academy ?
Which television show 's producer is Stephen E. Ambrose and written by Erik Jendresen?
Gamini Seneviratne and Katyayana are two followers of which religion?
Which ground of 2016 Fort Lauderdale Strikers season is the palce of birth of Kaitlyn Ashley ?
Under which president did Loretta Ucelli and Ann Lewis hold an office?
List the mountains of the range Sierra Nevada (U.S.) located in  California?
Name the movie whose screenplay is by Akiva Goldsman and directed by Joel Schumacher ?
Which pole driver of 1989 Portuguese Grand Prix was also the first driver of 1993 European Grand Prix ?
In which part of the world can i find Xynisteri and Mavro?
Name the river  whose source location is Nevado Mismi and region is Arequipa Region?
Which architect of the Marine Corps Air Station Kaneohe Bay is the branch of the Burnet R. Maybank?
Name the office holder whose constituency is Noe Valley, San Francisco and belongs to military unit USS Kittiwake (ASR-13)?
Which region of Bannock is the origin od Spaghetti squash ?
Which district of Robert William Wilcox os the place of birth of Kamaloohua ?
Which division of the Runewaker Entertainment is also the  destinations of the Airtours International Airways?
What is the name of the person who has relations with Dionne Warwick and Gary Garland?
Which region of English American is also the palce of Death of Brent Darby ?
Which notable series of Russell T Davies is also the series of Short Trips: A day in the life ?
Mazhar Ul Haq High School, Beerwah is affiliated to Islamic Religion
Which company founded by Fusajiro Yamauchi also provides services of Nintendo eShop ?
What is the official language of Ladonia, which is the target area of Probus Journal?
Name the movie who has screenplay by Akiva Goldsman and is edited by Mark Stevens ?
Which manufacturer of  Ford Y-block engine is the parent of  Ford Air Transport Service ?
Which licensee of EXXV-TV is also the licensee of WXXV-DT2 ?
What magazine published Allal and is the employer of Peter Bergman?
List few musical artist whose notable instruments are Ludwig Drums and  Remo?
Name the common institution of the Erica Frank and Douglass North?
What things have founded place as United States and New Mexico?
Name the common former team of Marv mcFadden and Carlos Emmons ?
Name a company with key person as Dennis Muilenburg and Raymond Conner ?
What is the common place where USS Camp DE-251 was built, and is one of the destinations of Emerald Air?
Whose families are Buccinoidea and Buccinidae?
Which licensee of the WRVU is also the alma mater of the Todd J. Campbell ?
Which currency of Republic of Montenegro is also the currency of the French Southern and Antarctic Lands ?
Name the television show with opening theme as Te Deum and is composed by Marc-Antoine Charpentier?
What is the name of the river whose mouth country is Mozambique and source region is North-Western Province, Zambia?
Sampson Cudjoe plays for the Ghana national team?
Who has a  child named Lori Black and is resting place as Palo Alto, California?
Which band's past member are Joe Jonas and Nick Jonas?
List the common official language of the ladonia and Empire of Atlantium ?
Whci co founder of Sea gayle Music is also the artist of Brad Paisley Discography /
Which country has leaders  Karu Jayasuriya and Ranil Wickremesinghe?
What is the information appliance whose successor is PlayStation 4 and maker is Foxconn?
Which route junction of the Rhode Island Route 15 is the place of birth of the Michael Poulin?
Name a fictional character whose relative is Uncle Henry and species is Human?
Name the rive whose mouth is located in Limerick and location is Dowra?
What religion does roshan ranasinghe and nhiek tioulong follow?
Name the television show whose subsequent work is Frasier and opening theme is Where Everybody Knows Your Name?
What things canonized John of Damascus and and also venerated the Edwin of Northumbria ?
Who was engaged in wars of Fort Gadsden and Fort Barrancas?
Name the office holder who was married to Dolley Madison and has resting palce as Montpelier ?
Which parent comapny of hypnotize Minds is the label of the Producers , a 2005 film ?
Name the software whose operating system is Mac OS and programming language is C++ ?
Whose former teams are Indianapolis Colts and Carolina Panthers?
Name the river with mouth palce Essex and source place as Gloucestershire ?
Which notable commanders of the Army Group Oberrhein (Germany) is the  leader of the Kriminalpolizei?
Who are relatives of Ozzy Osbourne and Kelly Osbourne?
What team did Joe Porter and Eddie Anderson play for?
Who is associated  with the musical artists from Africa '70 (band) and Tony Allen ?
Who is the president of Carl Stokes nad Wyche Fowler ?
Which city amongst the one which belongs to Boundary Dam was the palce for Soccer Bowl '76 ?
Who has military branches are Colonial troops and Continental Army?
Which  writer has childrens named Mother Mary Alphonsa and Julian Hawthorne?
What is the total number of fictional characters whose created by  Greg Daniels and series is The Office (U.S. TV series)?
Name the are where South side Elevated Railroad operate and has place of birth as Arthur A. Ross ?
Which borough of the Corringham railway station is also the local authority of Buckhurst Hill County High School ?
Which administrative region leader is Sukhumbhand Paribatra and was founded by  Rama I?
Who is the writer with notable works like Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and The Adventures of Tom Sawyer?
What religion is practiced by Hirunika Premachandra, and many others south asians in Hong Kong?
Name the  borough of the Bordesley railway station which is also the route end of the Birmingham and Oxford Junction Railway?
Matthew kane and Park rankin are citizens of which country?
Whose associate is Publius Servilius Vatia Isauricus and has predecessor as Lucius Cornelius Lentulus Crus?
What is the common official residence of Lezlee Westine and Arnold W. Braswell?
Which river flows through Hudson Highlands State park and also through Troy, New york ?
Which university attended by Franklin W. Olin was also the alma mater of Patty Lin ?
Who was the voice actor of allen walker also gave voice to kimihiro watanuki?
Name a writer who was educated in Saint Petersburg and had a son named Lyubov Dostoyevskaya ?
Which appliance's CPU is Cell (microprocessor) and predecessor is PlayStation 2?
Name the television show which was developed by Brian Graden and distributed by Comedy Central?
What team had the debut of Marv Throneberry and Curt Coleman?
 Giuseppe Bertello and Pietro Parolin are leaders of which place ?
Name the mountain located in California and has parent peak as Nevado de Toluca ?
What award has been given to Roy Walker as well as Walt Disney?
Name the common managing club of the Ivan Toplak and Bret Simon?
Which office holder's military unit is USS Kittiwake  and constituency is Castro District, San Francisco ?
Which office holder's  military branch is Continental Army and vice president is John Adams?
What product is made by Sony and Foxconn togather?
Who discovered Europa and Callisto?
List  bacterias whose orde is Bacillales and division is Firmicutes?
Which ceremonial County of the East Tilbury is also the local authority of the Buckhurst Hill County High School ?
What is the job of the George Arceneaux, Jr. which is also the office of the Blanche Bruce
Which race is the  Best Mate is also the race of the Martin Molony?
Name the university with affiliations as Graham Holdings Company and campus at Indiana?
Who manufactured the Delta III and the Space Shuttle?
What is the draft team of the Antoine Bibeau and also has player named Nathan Dempsey ?
The Information: A History, a Theory, a Flood is a work of Isaac Newton?
Which river's mouth location is Laptev Sea and also Arctic Ocean?
Who is known for are Battle of the Thames and War of 1812?
Name the office holder who has a child named Lori Black and resting place is Alta Mesa Memorial Park?
VP-8 and VP-10 shares which command structure ?
Which person constituency is Duboce Triangle, San Francisco and military unit is USS Kittiwake (ASR-13)?
Which animator of Tommy Tucker's Tooth is also the film director of Alice's Wonderland ?
What was created by Larry David and Jerry Seinfeld?
Which license of the Microsoft Office Picture Manager is also the  product of the Apple Productivity Experience Group 
To which counties do Jerome avenue and Tremont avenue belong?
Who wrote A house not meant to stand and Akale?
The fugitive Kind and the Notebook of Trigorin is written by what author?
Name a basketball player with teams as Chicago Bulls and Phoenix Suns?
Who has his resting place at  Plymouth, Vermont and office at Massachusetts House of Representatives?
Which battle is Jim Jones associated with to which Allen Boyd is also associated ?
What is the band with previous members  Kevin Jonas and Joe Jonas?
Who offers the services of OneDrive and Outlook.com?
Name the common home port of the Trishna (yacht) and INS Viraat (R22)?
Which office holder's resting place is William Henry Harrison Tomb State Memorial and has governor named Charles Willing Byrd?
Name the television show voiced by April Stewart and Eliza Schneider?
Name the musician who gave the music in Tonight's the night and is also wedded to Alana Stewart ?
Which US city can be said to be a part of american mediterranean sea and the biscayne bay?
Name the sea into which Danish Straits flows and has Kaliningrad as one of the city on the shore ?
Whihc associate of THomas Bryan Martin is also the founder of Pittsburgh ?
Which current Michigan Wolverines team member debuted in Chicago Bears ?
Which office holder's successor is Adrian A. Basora and child named Lori Black?
Name the tv show with judges Randy Jackson and Jennifer Lopez?
What is the operating system of the LG Optimus Vu and also the developer of the Dart (programming language)
Where common region are soylent and bannock sold?
Which hub of Cascade Airways is also the resting place of Brandon Lee ?
Who is the meaning of the name Isa which was also one of the subject of play The Prodigal Son ?
Which US state has Dorchester Bay and the Joseph Story?
Name the TV shows whose developer is J. Michael Straczynski and executive producer is Douglas Netter?
Who starred in Nothing in Common and produced From the Earth to the Moon?
Which serving railway line of the Rostov-Glavny is also the  place of birth of  Nina Vislova?
What artist of Charing Cross Bridge influenced Dorothea Sharp in her career?
Which military conflict took place in Israel and had commander as Jaber Al-Ahmad Al-Sabah?
Which city is the resting place of the Martin Ragaway and Chuck Connors ?
Name the river with mouth as Thames Estuary and passes through Reading Berkshire ?
What provides the services of Nintendo eShop and Nintendo Network?
What is the death place of the Abiye Abebe and is the birthplace of the Amsale Aberra?
What show has writing of Erik Jendresen and Graham Yost?
What is the show which opens with Gary Portnoy and Where Everybody Knows Your Name?
What is the Location of the Dofinivka Estuary which is also the  birthplace of the Liliya Lobanova ?
What is the ethnicity of the Maike Evers and state of origin of the Theodor Hillenhinrichs ?
What is the common ethnicity of the Maike Evers and Francisco Lachowski ?
Which  office holder's resting place is Alta Mesa Memorial Park and Henry E. Catto, Jr. as predecessor ?
Name the movie whose producer is Michael Deeley and music is given by Vangelis ?
Name the movie whose director is Stanley Kubrick and editor is Anthony Harvey?
List down the TV shows whose producer is Stephen E. Ambros and writer is John Orloff ?
Which educational institutes have campuses at Iowa and Indiana ?
What mascot of the Galatasaray Handball Team is also the team name of Cristo Rey Jesuit high School ?
Which official residence of hugh Scott is also the origin of Long Rifle ?
What is the base currency of the Benelux which can be used in Republic of Montenegro?
Cologny and Lancy are the neighboring municipalities of which place ?
What is the profession of the William Luther Hill and also the office of the Richard Coke ?
What award has been awarded to both Dion Beebe and Charles LeMaire?
Which is the common prospect team of Mikhail Pashnin and Robin kovacs ?
Which TV show's company is PlayTone and is produced by Stephen E. Ambrose ?
Which stockholder of yale Repertory Theatre was training center of William Anthony ?
What is the national origin of Dornier Aerodyne and Hirth Acrostar ?;
What is the  name of the television show whose developer is J. Michael Straczynski and actor is Jason Carter (actor)?
Name the university whose athletic department is called National Collegiate Athletic Association and has a chancellor named Nicholas S. Zeppos?
What is the military branch of the William French Smith which is also the branch of Pierre R. Graham ?
Which arena of WPC Dynamo Moscow is the death palce of Mikhail Voronin ?
What is the place of the Geography Club (play) which is also the  official residence of the Scott Berkun?
List the award which have been won by both Charles LeMaire and Nick Park ?
What is the common profession of DeWitt Clinton and Claiborne Pell ?
Which animator of The Skeleton Dance is also the animator of the Tommy Tucker's Tooth ?
Who is  venerated in  Judaism and Islam?
Count the total number of bacterias whose division is Firmicutes and domain is Bacteria?
Name the mountain which belongs to Sierra Nevada range and is located in Inyo National Forest?
What is the nationality of the David King-Wood and John Steed ?
What is the total number of software whose programming language is C++ and operating system is Microsoft Windows?
Name the fictional character whose species is American Pekin duck and has relatives named Ludwig Von Drake?
Who was member of boards at Royal Society and Trinity House?
Which serving railway line of the Daund Junction railway station is the home port of INS Viraat ?
Which river inflow of the Cahora Bassa is also Batoka Gorge Hydroelectric Power Station's river ?
Which partner of the Tim Mathieson is also the primeminister of the Mike Kelly (Australian politician) ?
What show had NTSC format and theme music composed by  Ron Grainer?
Who was once married to both Kelly Brook and Rosie Huntington-Whiteley?
Which board memeber of jimmy Wales also owns Latvian Wikipedia ?
Name the office holder whose spouse is Dolley Madison and belongs to Militia branch ?
List sports managers who managed Middlesbrough F.C. and England national under-21 football team?
Name the common serving line of Daund Junction railway station and Ujjain Junction railway station?
What is the common branch of military of Edward Joseph Schwartz  and John Tower ?
Which border country of the Korean Peninsula is also the country of Krusty, a musical group ?
Name books with publisher as Francisco de Robles and writer as Miguel de Cervantes ?
In all the states which have a Uniontown, where does a Keller's mill covered bridge exist too?
What is the order of the Omar D. Conger where Robert Sarvis was also the nominee ?
Who was the chairman of Fort Lauderdale Strikers and also 2015 Fort Lauderdale Strikers season ?
Name the fictional character whose relatives are Huey, Dewey, and Louie and belongs to Duck family ?
Where did isabelle caro and judson huss both die?
Name the television show whose subsequent work is Crusade and Composer is Stewart Copeland?
Which scientist is known for anthrax and has Karl Ewald Hasse as his academic advisor ?
What is manufactured by Asus and Sony togather?
Who studied at  Harvard-Westlake School and has Henry E. Catto, Jr. as   predecessor ?
Which American football player is a former team player of Indianapolis Colts and current team is Michigan Wolverines?
Which river's source country is Zambia and mouth country is Mozambique?
What is the occupation of the Irving Chernev and Karen Grigorian?
Which largest city of Salsette Island is also the largest city of India ?
Name a office holder whose predecessor is Edward Douglass White and has son named Charles Phelps Taft II?
Spanish harlem incident and girl from the north country were originally composed by whom?
Which place of Geography Club is the location of Seattle Great Wheel ?
What is the movie whose producer is Michael Deeley and directed by  Ridley Scott?
List the junctions which lie on U.S. Route 59 in Texas and U.S. Route 59 ?
What is the launch site of the Juno I which was also the ground of 2016 Fort Lauderdale Strikers season ?
What is the place of birth of the Michael Marder which is also the  place of death of the Tigran Petrosian
What team did Dan Daoust and Don Ashby play for?
Which automobile platform provider of Chiva bus is also the parent company of the Ford Falcon Cobra ?
Which prospect team of Robin Kovacs is the draft team of Bob MacMillan ?
Which developer of  the Spider-Man: Edge of Time is the  successor of PlayStation 2 ?
Which workplace of the Michael M. Sears is also the  governing body of the Burro Flats Painted Cave?
Which writer of Alan Freeman Days is also the writer of Come On over ?
Which appliance has cpu from Freescale Semiconductor and Marvell Technology Group?
Among which basket ball team having arena as The Palace of Auburn hills has president as Stan Van Gundy ?
South Side elevated railroad and twin cities 400 are operated by which city?
Which famous political figure appointed william cushing, and also founded Pittsburgh>
Which city is the route start of the Moscow-Kazan high-speed railway and birth place of the Ilya Savelev ?
Which district of Thorington railway station is the location of death of  David Lewis (poet) ?
What subsequent work of Moondog Matinee has the composer of Motorpsycho Nitemare ?
Which TV show's producer is Stephen E. Ambrose and company is DreamWorks Television?
Which county seat of the King County, Washington and PLACE OF DEATH of the Phil Lumpkin ?
Which municipality of the Brown's Corners, toronto also place of birth of Krista Kelly ?
Name the office holder whose alma mater is Harvard-Westlake School and resting place is Alta Mesa Memorial Park?
Which is the common past team of the Charlie Justice (American football player) and Bobby Hoppe ?
Whose relatives are Clan McDuck and Huey, Dewey, and Louie?
Which location country of Ennejma Ezzahra is also the origin of Boga ?
Which office holder's constituency is Haight-Ashbury and has military unit as USS Kittiwake ?
Which TV show's writer is Erik Jendresen and distributor is HBO?
Name the military conflict whose commander was Colin Powell and took place in israel ?
Which company was the designer of South African class 11e and RENFE class 333 ?
How many have family as Ape and order (taxonomy) is Primate ?
Whose resting place is William Henry Harrison Tomb State Memorial and has kids named John Scott Harrison?
Which currency can I use both in Kerguelen islands and French southern and antarctic lands?
Which royalty was married to ptolemy XIII Theos Philopator and had mother named Cleopatra V ?
What tv series can be said to be related to the sarah jane adventure and dr who confidential?
What is the common genere of Abhijit Kunte and Kasparov ?
Which source country of SamurAbsheron channel is the birth place of Anar Salmanov ?
Who is the common manager of Aston Villa 2000-02 season and aldo the manager of Middlesbrough F.C. season 2009-10
Which planet was discovered by Johann Gottfried and Urbain Le Verrier ?
Who started at the pole position in both 1997 canadian grand prix and the 94 spanish one?
Which tenants of the Master Card center is also th draft team of Sam Carrick 
Which title of Zaman Shah Durrani is also the nationality of Salahuddin ?
What woman acted in the mating habits of earthbound humans and is often associated with Mams taylor?
what are some common games played at both Fr Agnel Multipurpose School and Vishwajyot High School?
What relegious affiliation of Josiah Idowu-Fearon was canonized by john of Damasucs ?
Name the tenant of Ever bank field which has also has player named Dan Shamash ?
Which location of  INKAS is also the location of  T.I. Ahmadiyya Senior High School, Kumasi ?
Name a  river with source country as Zambia and source location as Ikelenge  District?
Which city located on Mediterranean Sea is also the stadium of Panionios G.S.S. season ?
What is the river whose source is Cowombat  Flat and has it's mouth located in Murray Mouth?
What is the name of the movie whose director of photography was Jordan Cronenweth and music composer was Vangelis?
Which parent organization of Get TV also owns the Galleria ?
Which TV show developed by J. Michael Stracznski has artist as Christopher Franke ?
Which Fox  show is presented by Ryan Seacrest?
WHich region of the Providence Chapel, Charlwood is also the region of the Joseph Case High School
Name the scientist whose supervisor was John Robert Woodyard and has won Norbert Wiener Award for Social and Professional Responsibility?
Which branch of american military have both George Siebels jr and Leroy Collins served?
Name the company founded in US and provides OneDrive as service ?
What political party has governed both in Baraily,MP and Jowai?
Where is Benjamin Franklin Terry buried, and US Route 59 has a junction?
Which philosophy journal has compiler as Stephen Law ?
Which mascot of Celal Bayer university is also the nickname of kore Presbyterian Theological Seminar ?
Which TV show's  opening theme is The Best of Both Worlds (song) and executive producer is Steven Peterman?
What is common between sports played at Fr Agnel School and Jr college, and the genre of Virtual Kasparov?
Name the river flowing through Reading and source place as Gloucestershire ?
List the people who were born in Gelnhausen and graduated from Pepperdine University?
Who was in conflicts of Fort Barrancas and Gadsden?
Which university was attended by both Richard H Immerman and Franklin W Olin?
What are Monrow Carell Jr Children Hospital and Vanderbilt University Medical Center both affiliated with?
Name the TV show whose network is NBC and is the subsequent work of Fraiser ?
Name the office holder whose child is Lori Black and predecessor is Henry E. Catto Jr ?
What country is Jeffrey Werleman from, which also has the American Mediterranean Sea?
Name the team for which Cam Plante played for which were also the tenants of MasterCard center ?
What awards have been awarded both to Ingmar bergman and James O'Brien?
List the colonel with branch as Militia ?
What river ends in Indian Ocean and also starts somewhere in Zambia?
What is the death place of the Elbieta Czartoryska which is also place of birth of the Charles Journet
In which country did Philippe tesnire and judson huss die?
What is the result of the GazaIsrael conflict is also  the  place of the Qaqun?
Name the common university of the Cardinal and Jim Wylie?
Which newspaper owned by Schibsted is published in Swedish ?
What political ideology of the Palang Dharma Party is relegion of Inthakin?
What company developed Mac OS 9 and also brought Tiny Tower to the market?
Which fictional character's relative is Clan McDuck and belongs to American Pekin duck ?
Which boarder country of Korean Peninsula was the state of Sodagreen ?
List the science fiction shows broadcasted on BBC HD ?
What common teams do Ramiro Pea and Bruce Bochy share?
In which sitcom did Jeff Conaway acted and had TNT as its network ?
Which televion show's theme music was given by Ron Grainer and is broadcasted by BBC HD ?
What team did J P Paris was former team of Bert McCaffrey play for?
Which relative of George Madison was the leader of United States House of Representatives elections, 1788 and 1789 ?
Name the profession of Oamr D Conger for which Jack Ryan was also nominated ?
Name the scientist who was the winner of Royal Society award and had Georg Meissner as his doctoral advisor ?
Which wine region of Bogdanua is the mouth country of Upper Neretva ?
Which associat of Martin Pugh is also married to Alana Stewert ?
What city in the US was Alfred Phillips born in, and is the resting place of William Smith?
Who is the prime minister of Michael Jeffery who is also the minister of Williuam Deane ?
Name a scientist whose official residence is Cape Town and also won a gold medal at the Royal Astronomical Society ?
What is the military conflict whose commanders are John McEwen and Phm Vn ng?
List the spanish football player in the NYC FC ?
Name the TV show distributed by Broadcast Syndication and is broadcasted by comedy central ?
What band made The trial and One of these days song?
Which team of Dan Shamash is also the debutant team of John Estes ?
What company made facebook messenger and is the platform where Words of Gold can be played?
Which board game can be said as a mind based game?
Where are INKAS located which is also the state of origin for Jojo Chintoh ?
Which party does Iqbal Singh and B Shiva Rao currently belong to?
Name a show hosted by Brian Dunkleman and judged by Harry Connick, Jr.?
Name the notable work by Russell T Davis which is also the series of Doctor Who:Destiny of the Doctors ?
Name the university located in Indiana and has affiliations with Kaplan, Inc.?
What appliance Sony made after the success of PlayStation 2?
Which associate of Thomas bryan Martin is also the president of Carmichael ?
Which governer of Winston Bryant is the president of Joseph Stiglitz ?
Which sitcom's company is Paramount Television and is located in Cheers Beacon hill ?
Which leader of united states house representatives election was married to Dolley Madison ?
What program is  presented by Brian Dunkleman and has artist as Simon Fuller?
Which political party of Chandra Shekhar is also the political party of Datl Satyanarayana Raju ?
What sport has made Eric Schiller famous, and has employed Craig Van Tibury?
Which part of the US political framework did Arthur Bagby and Thomas H hicks both serve?
Which political party of kumta had affiliation with Indian general election, 2004 (Andhra Pradesh) 
Which composer of Motorpsycho Nitemare has also composed The time are A-Changing ?
Which coach of Marquette Golden Eagles men's basketball team is also the head coach  of Virginia Tech Hokies men's basketball team ?
Which city do both Arthur Ross and Edward Niesen come from?
What is that something which made Breann McGregor famous, and Frank Thorne received as an award?
Which mountain range is the one with Ponte d'Aveneyre and Le Gibloux?
Which award that has been given to James F Obrien, had used Laemmle Theatres for some service?
Which fields of the Paul Demiville is also the faith of Koay Teng Hai ?
Which leader of United States House of Representatives was the appinter of ohn Drayton ?
Which owner of the national Herald india is the leader of Kumta ?
Who directed the haunted house and alice in wonderland?
Who penned Emma and Jane Austen in Manhatten?
What are all the religions in which Jacob and Abraham are important?
What is the common award won by geoffrey Rush and Laemmle Theatres ?
Which nationality of Newin Chidchob is also the nationality of Ajahn Sao Kantaslo ?
What is the official residence of the Christopher Daz Figuero which is also the  state of the Cruce a Nado Internacional
Which athlete was the flag bearer for Switzerland in 2004 and 2008 summer Olympics ?
Name the TV show which has judge as harry Connick and is broadcasted on Fox Broadcasting Company ?
What company brought Riddim Ribbon to the market, and developed the batch monitor?
Who is the builder of Estadio Nacional de Costa Rica and also location of Xianren Cave ?
Erik Jendresen is writer and Play tone is company of which TV show ?
What are the television shows which are in NTSC and 5.1 surround sound?
What is the appliance build jointly by Sony and Asus?
Which work of Craig van Tilbury is close to the area of The Chess Monthyl ?
Which source of broad creek is the Audenried tunnel located ?
Who is the common prime minster of William Deaner and mark Latham ?
In which religions are both Pope Gregory 1 and Edwin of northumbria reverred?
Which wine region of Bogdanua is the Croatian Inline hockey team part of ?
For which games are Sam Loyd and Eric Schiller both famous?
Where does Dennis DeConcini and Scott Berkun both live?
What disease led to the demise of Letitia MacTavish Hargrave and Martino Martini ?
Which person naratted The Incredible Hulk and also the writer of Tales of Suspense ?
Which party has come in power at both Balangir and Amaravila in india?
What are some common games played in PATTS college of aeronautics and Jamiatu muslim mindanao?
Where is Semnani and Assyrian Neo-Aramaic spoken ?
Name the appliance produced by Foxconn and its OS is provided by PlayStation 3 system software ?
Twin cities 400 is operated by what city, which is the birthplace of Leona Baumgarter?
In which of the parties that have governed over Rishikesh, does Govinda belong too?
List softwares written in C++ and runs on Mac OS ?
Which recognized title of Frank Thorne is also the product of Playboy Enterprise ?
Grey gppse and eristoff is produced by which company?
Janaka Thissakuttiarachchi follows what religion, which once employed Atisa Srijnana too?
Comcast SportsNet is broadcasted in what area, which also has the Michigan Renaissance Festival?
Which venue of indy PopCon is also the death palce of Louis Le Cocqq ?
Name the TV show with theme music by Primus and broadcasted on Comedy Central ?
What territory of Sino French War was the battle of Raoul Magrin-Vernerey fought ?
Which TV show distributed by Warner Bros. has Christopher Franke as one of the artist ?
Which author inspired Susanna Clarke, and wrote Northanger Abbey?
In all the places with a stagecoach, where is a Peetz Table Wind Energy Center located too?
Of all the teams that Andrew Economos played for, which one did Jerrel Jackson play his first game for?
Which moto of american Classical League is also the academic discipline of Probus ?
list the organisation with motive for peace and environmentalism?
Which former team of Franois Beauchemin does the Nathan Dempsey played for ?
Which of the continents that Digitalb worked in, was christine rolfes born in?
Which local authority of Buckhurst Hill County High School is the palce of burial of Elizabeth Rhuddlan ?
Who created the Women in the Garden and also the L'Enfant a la tasse ?
Which training center of William Anthony has also alumni named Philip W Pillsbury ?
In what group Joe Jonas and Kevin Jonas were previously involved?
Where were Micheal Santos and Wendy Jaquet born?
Name the television show created by CE Webber and also has actor named Companion?
Which company founded in New Mexico manufactures Visual Studio ?
Which developer of Go was also the predecssor of X compnay ?
Which team has had both Martin prochzka and garry unger as its players ?
Name the company which produces Marionette and has key person as Edwin catmull ?
Name the TV show whose cast member is Companion (Doctor Who) and is related to The Sarah Jane Adventures?
Which software uses windows as it's operating system and is written in C++ ?
Which draft team od Dale Mitchell is also the tenant of Master Card center /
Which source of Water resources management in El Salvador is also the nation of the Sierra del Merendn?
Which company builds Microsoft Azure and Microsoft Surface?
Which contnet license provider of Microsoft Office Picture Manager is also the game platform of Google Clud Connect ?
Which division of Serbia national team is also the region of Dobinsk Ice Cave ?
Name the common current team of the Shaun Thong and Kaannder ?
What is the television show which has cast member as Jason Carter and network is TNT (TV channel)?
Which first driver of  European Grand Prix 1993 is also finished first in 1985 Portuguese Grand Prix ?
What place is the birthplace of Vijay Chavan where Eka Lagnachi Teesri Goshta is located as well?
In which fields are both Paul Demiville and Sylvain levi experts?
Name the show whose jury consist of Jennifer Lopez and Randy Jackson?
Which is the city closest to both the Lodaiska site and the home of David w brown?
Whose leaders are Willem-Alexander and Fredis Refunjol?
What is used as money for French Southern and Antarctic Lands is also the  product of the Karafarin Bank ?
Which office holder's resting place is in  Palo Alto, California and was succeeded by Adrian A. Basora ?
Which home town of Cline Buckens is the place of Death of Richard heron ?
Name the television show directed by Simon Fuller and judged by Jennifier Lopez ?
Give me some shows owned by BBC one and BBC hd?
Whcih creator of Theme Time Radio Hour also created subsequent work of Moondoc Matinee ?
Name the royalty whose daughter was Cleopatra V and was married to Ptolemy XIV of Egypt?
Which  municipality is neighbored by Cologny and Chne-Bougeries?
Which common prime minister did Graham Richardson and Bon McMullan serve ?
What is the city of the Maine School of Science and Mathematics is also the resting place of Charles A. Boutelle ?
Which Harris County based company is a subsidiary of Tandem Computers?
Which spouse of Ptolemy XIV had a mother named Ptolemy XII auletes ?
Which ship builder built the USS Camp and Sturtevant ?
Where does Kafue and Shire river flow into?
Which US state gave  us Brian Deegan and Harold Lyold?
What ethinicity of Linda Hogan is also the state of origin of Holmes Colbert ?
What is the location of the Walter Evans Edge office which is also the place of birth of henry Miller ?
List down the common sports played by PATTS College of Aeronautics and lytechnic University of the Philippines Taguig ?
Of the sports commonly played at Islamic Azad Uni, tehran, which one does Jon Speelman play?
What is the common country of Ganz UV and Balaton wine region ?
Panthera leo fossils and Liger belong to which species?
Which composer subsequent work of Moondog Matinee and also composed The TImes They are A changin ?
What magazine is Marritt Cabal known for which has Lucifer Hammer as publisher ?
Where are Thomas Franois Burgers and Johannes Gerhardus Strijdom buried?
Give the name of the river with source place as Australian Alps and has mouth place as Goolwa , a place in Siyuth Australia ?
Which club of Michael Springer is also the parent organization of Syracuse University press ?
Which river flows through both eastern and western washington?
Which home stadium of 2011-12 FC Spartak Moscow season is also the location of birth of the Svetlana Gounkina ?
Amongst the winner of Lovelace medal, who has John Robert as doctoral supervisor ?
What is the common citizenship between JSM Hopoer and Robert Valentine ?
Name the office holder who has a child named lori Black and Harvard Westlake school as one of the educational institute ?
Which ppolitical party of Yashpal Kapur is also the owner of National Herald ?
What faith of Buddhist Tai Hung College is also the acadmeic interest of Paul Demiville ?
List the people with final resting place as Plymouth, Vermont and has Samuel W. McCall as predecessor?
Whose songs are Tickle Me and Viva Las Vegas?
Among the scientist known for Manhattan Project who had a doctoral student named Charles Ellis ?
Which education center Sidney Catlin Partrodge attended which was also the alma mater of Lisa Brummel ?
Which club of perianne Lones is also the home town of the Kady O'Malley ?
In which city where there is a headquarters of Orient News and also Feras Saied died?
Which producer of Purvis Eureka engine is also the owner of Ford Theatre ?
Among the companies who has product named Chinook who has a key person as Dennis Muilenburg ?
Miluk and Cayuse are still spoken in which part of the world?
Which battle did both Steven Palazao and tony hogg fight in?
What made Jon Speelman and Eric Schiller famous?
Which manufacturer of the Boeing B-17 Flying fortress is the manager of burro Flats Painted Caves ?
Which designer of RENFE also owns Renaissance Center ?
Which american football player's current team is Michigan Wolverines and former team was  Baltimore Ravens ?
What is the source country of Water resources managemnt in EL Salvador is also the land of Jos MAra Orellana ?
Which colonel consort is Dolley Madison?
Which company ownes stock in Dagenham turbines and Ford Motor credit?
Which writer of the Snaman is also the writer of Neverwher ?
What Orson Welles directed movie has  photography director as Gregg Toland ?
List the driver of SA MArino Grand Prix is also the Pole driver of Canadian Grand Proix ?
What is the local authority of the Buckhurst Hill County High School is also the birth palce of Sarah hampion ?
List the countries through which European rout E39 and E8 passes ?
Which river originates from Cape Vincent and Kingston, Ontario?
Daniel L D Granger and Job Durfee have based their political career in which US state?
What is the common ideology followed by Katyayana and Palang Dharma Party ?
Name the team Ramiro Pea played for, which was also the first team of Steve Ontiveros?
Movie's produced by Michael Deeley has Jordan Cronenweth as director of photography
What is the television show whose cast members are Jeff Conaway and Jason Carter?
In which military conflict were Phm Vn ng and John McEwen commanders ?
To which country do gabriel paris gordillo and gustavo rojas pinilla owe their allegiance?
Name a person who works in Open Society Foundation and has wife named Susan Weber Soros ?
Which athletics of Jaimatu Muslim Mindano is same as the genre of the Fritz Chess ?
Name the movie in which Vangelis gave the music and Jordan was the cinematographer ?
Martin Ferguson and Mike Kelly served under which aussie PM?
List the relegion of tani University which is also the life stance of udit Raj ?
Which music band made Take Me There, and to which Tedd Riley was associated?
What company made the front row and distributed big top ballet?
Name the team which is owned by Dafenham wind turbines and stood first in 1967 mexican Grand Prix ?
What religion do the Wickramabahu Centeral College and Neungin High School both follow?
What is the fictional character which belongs to families of Darth Vader and Padm Amidala?
Which New Mexico company provides One Drive as a service ?
Among which city where Geography Club played also had the Kenticky Cycle ?
Who was the animator of both Tommy Tucker's Tooth and Skeleton Dance?
Which program was on NBC network with executive producer as Glen and Les Charles?
Who is the person opposed  by Tom McLaury and Ike Clanton?
For a position in which institution were both Jack Ryan and Robert sarvis both appointed?
What genre isPyChess from, which employes Craig Van Tilbury?
Which cover artist of the The Adventures of Tom Sawyer also the source of inspiration of The Appple Tree ?
In which common territory did Sino French war and the Tonkin campaign take place?
Which distributer of Glover is also the stockholde of Seattle Mariners ?
What is the purpose of the Maharashtra Chess Association which is genere of PyChess?
What place did Edwin Adams die at, which gave birth to William A Purtell?
Which tema did Dough Acomb played for which is also the drafty team of Dale Mitchell ?
What is the state of Umatilla language which is also the state of James K. Kelly ?
In which country can I find the State Academic Opera and Ballet Theater and Baku Puppet Theatre?
What band was Afrika Baby Bam a part of, and often performed with Q Tip?
Which employer of Manu Cornet has alsoe written Google.by ?
List the sports of PATTS College of Aeronautics which are of interest of Jon Speelman ?
Give me the count of newspaper whose language is Sweedish and headquartered at stockholm ?
Name a person whose sucessor was Adrian A. basora and was educated at Harvard-Westlake School?
Which vice president of Warren G. Harsing is also the president of Evans Hughes ?
What city is it where Wayne Allard governs and Juli Ashton was born?
Which neighboring municipalities of Cologny has a mayor named Ester Alder ?
Where did Doug Walgren and Lee Si Chen study?
Who is the common distributer of Bombay Sapphire and Rev ?
In which continent do Air 2000 and Novair International airways operate?
Which place of birth of the Nina Vislova is also the largest city of Union State ?
Which producer of  the Eristoff is also the  distributor of  Bombay Sapphire?
Which company of Ford Theatre is the owning organization of F0ord Kansa City Assemply Plant ?
Which country gave birth to the Lemberger LD20b and Start+Flug H101 aircrafts?
Which school of jack mcGregor attend which was also the training center of William Anthony ?
What is the university to which Erica Frank went, and where Ivan Toplak was a club manager?
Which appointer of William Clark is the successor of Levi Lincoln Sr ?
What nation is Hornito located in, where Jamie Bateman Cayn died too?
List the Sci-fi TV shows with theme music given by Ron Grainer?
Which fictional character portrayed by Roger barton has Padm Amidala as family ?
What is the television show with presentator as Ryan Seacrest and theme music composer as Julian Gingell?
Which city was designed by saleen Pator which is also the birht location of Jimmy Diggs ?
Name the office holder whose theatre is Siege of Fort Recovery and belongs to Indian territory branch ?
Which sports are played at both the Polytech uni of Bataan and Taguig?
To which uni. did  sidney c patridge and cyril hume both once went?
What sport played at Islamic azad uni employes Craig Van Tilbury?
Where are Solidus and Aureus used?
What is the home town of the Rolando Gomez is the DOD of the Clyde McNeal ?
name the region served by Jerusalem Institue of Justice which was also the conflict region in GazaIsrael ?
What sport amongst the one Lagos Preparatory School practices, did Willian Garne play for?
In which state do darren brass and belvin perry live?
Which team did wolfred McDonald is also the prospect team of Milkhail Pashnin ?
Where did Andy Wyant die and Robert Rodi was born in?
Name a colonel whose resting place is Montpelier ?
Where did the ultimate fighter: a champion will be crowned tonight and ultimate fighter: team rousey vs team tate take place?
Who was the cover artist of The Adventure of Tom Sawyer also wrote mark Twain Tonight ?
In which country was GM was firt aired which is also the mouth country of Upper Neretva?
CN Atletic-Barceloneta has a stadium in Barcelona?
Name the common sports played at Polytechnic University of Philippines San Juan and Islamic Azad University?
Where is Tahual located which is also the country of Ren Romano ?
What is the river on which the Kariba Dam and Batoka Gorge Hydroelectirc power station exist?
What is the name of the information appliance by sony whose predecessor is PlayStation 2?
Which governer of Winston bryant is also the president of Carl Stokes ?
What sport is Eric Schiller known for, and employes Craig Van Tibury?
Which Stanley Kubrick's movie has music by Laurie Johnson?
What artist was associated closely with the bare necessities and rock a doodle?
Which  siler medalist of the Tennis at the 2012 Summer Olympics  Men's singles was also the  flagbearer of the Switzerland at the 2008 Summer Olympics
What is common between genre of battle chess and purpose of New Zealand Chess ?
In which country is the Baku puppet Theater located which is also the birth palce of Anar Salmanov ?
Which military unit's  garrison is Pentagon and command structure is United States Department of Defense?
Which countries were the first to play Gumus and Ne daj se, Nina?
What continent of the world has Baja California peninsula and also has WEPG in one of it's cities?
Which party won both the general electoin and the andhra pradesh election in 2004?
What is the birthplace of Adugna Deyas and the place where Fiq is located?
Name few companies where don berlin and michael sears have worked together?
Which distributer of Bombay Sapphire also makes Grewy goose ?
Name the TV show broadcasted by Fox and presented by Ryan Seacrest ?
Which university has affiliations to Graham Holdings and Kaplan, Inc.?
Name the person who was educated at Harvard-Westlake and won the Screen Actor Guild Life Achievement Award ?
Which operator of ganz UV is also the nationality of the Gza Horvth ?
Who won the general elections in India in 2009, and had also won the AP elections in 2004 ?
What is the common palce of study for jack McGregor and Philip W. Pillsbury ?
Name the constituency of Jonas Gahr where Sverre Krogh was born ?
Which director of On deadly Ground also released Mojo Priest ?
Who made the Y block engine and the SHO V8 engine?
Name the tenants of MAsterCard center wich is also the draft team of Antoine Bibeau?
Which country of Montaas Mayas Chiquibul is the birth place of Jos Bernardo Escobar?
In which part of the world will I find Kim Sawchuk and Vuelta Mexico Telmex?
Name a TV show judged by Jennifier Lopez and presented by Brian Dunkleman ?
Name the company founded by Jim Harris located in Harris County, Texas ?
Which video game composed by Hirokazu Tanaka can be played on virtual Console ?
Which relative of George Madison is the appointer of John Drayton ?
List the movies edited by Julian Doyle in which music was composed by Geoffrey Brugon ?
In which city of Pittsburg Steelers was the Congress of Inductrial Organization founded ?
List the people casted in Betsy's Wedding and 16 candles?
Why did Letita McTavish Hargrave and Sextus Barbour die?
List the softwares which runs on Microsoft Windows and has license as Software as a service?
Under which scientist did doctoral students erban ieica and Erich Bagge study?
Which garrison of East Indies Station is also the route end of Mumbai Vadodara Express ?
Among which sitcoms in which theme music is composed by Gary Portnoy is located in Massachusetts ?
Name the city with leader as Esther Alder and neighboring municipality as Pregny-Chambsy?
What came before  PlayStation 4 and uses PlayStation 3 system software as OS?
List the common sports played by Polytechnic University of the Philippines Bataan and Jamiatu Muslim Mindanao ?
Where do the politicians, Blanche Bruce and John Franklin Miller work?
What region was Gloria Schaffer born in, which also contains Newington?
Who  works  at the American Magazine and New York Post?
Which past members of the The Conglomerate (American group) also sang Take Me There (Blackstreet & Ma song)?
Where did these popular aeroplanes - Focke Wulf 260 and Start+Flug H 101 originate?
Which source of river Raa is the sovereign state of Adriatic sea ?
Name a queen whose parent is Ptolemy XII Auletes and consort is Ptolemy XIII Theos Philopator?
Which universit's affiliation is with Kalpan, Inc. and has campus at Iowa ?
Which Paramount TV show was produced by Glen and Les Charles ?
Who is  office holder of constituencies Duboce Triangle and Noe Valley ?
Which owner of Drop.io made Sean Parker famous?
Which kmascot od seneca Academy is also the species of The Fox and the Cat ?
Which tv show was preceded by The spirit of Christmas and voice to the character was given by Mona Marshall ?
Jimmie Fisher and Winston Bryant were governors under which president?
Count the number of movies whose distributor is RKO Pictures and director of photography is Gregg Toland?
Who has allegiance is Colony of Virginia and buried in Montpelier?
Name the river with source as Columbia Lake and river mouth is located in Clatsop Country ?
Which writer of Tales of Suspense is also the writer of karakuri Dji Ultimo ?
Who was the influencer of Dave Attel who also starred in Adios Amigo?
What is the country which lies on the European route E8, and where Ragnhild Jolson was born?
Which person won Screen actors Guild Life Time Achievement award and has resting palce in Palo Alto, California ?
Which mainter of  Cheasty Boulevard South is also the county seat of the King County, Washingtonsu ?
Name the sea located near Europe and has a nearby city as Rostock ?
Which founder of European School, karlsruhe is also the jursdiction of Eurpoean Border of Coast guard ?
What team has Sam Keller and Jim McMilin played for?
Which work institutions of the Andrew Schally is the  alma mater of the Mara Eugenia Rojas Correa ?
Who is the owner of Ford Motor Credit comapny which is also the builder of FORD SHO V8 engine ?
Which cport of Vishwajyot High School is also the genere of Battle chess 
List the common relegion affiliation of khadra Haji Ismail and Yasmin khatun ?
NAme the emplyer for whihc Manu cornet has worked and also written in Google Web Toolkit ?
Name the university which has Lieutenaunt general as superintendent and mascot as Gyrfalcon ?
Which sitcom is broadcasted by FOX and presented by Brian Dunkleman?
Which distributer of Glover (video game) is also the  publisher of the Super Mario Adventures ?
Name the scientist who is known for inventing Anthrax and was a member of Royal Society?
Which terrotory of Tonkin campaign also the death bed of Thophane Vnard ?
Where did george f hoar and willian langer spend the most important time of their political career?
Whihc birthpalce of Svetlana Gounkina is also the largest city of Union State ?
What do craig Van tilbury and karen Grigorian do for a living?
Which settlement's neighboring municipalities are Cologny and Pregny-Chambsy?
Which current member of Insect vs Robots is also the music composer of Kenny Dies ?
Where did Georges Wolinski and Judson Huss die/
What is the common location of  tomb of the Elizabeth of Rhuddlan and Isabel of Cambridge?
What  is the meaning of the Isa (name) which is also a relegion of Sacred Heart Convent School (Bangkok) ?
Which official residence of Nikos Pateras is also the stadium of anionios G.S.S. season 2014-15 ?
What is the country of the Hirth Acrostar and the Cobra missile?
What made jo garcia and merritt cabal both famous?
Name the TV show with artist Christopher Franke and cast member Jason Carter ?
Name the office holder with successor as Adrian A Basora and child as Lori Black ?
What band has Joe Hahn and Chester Bennington?
What is the sea connected to Oulu and Turku?
Where are the burial grounds of Willem Cornelis Janse van Rensburg and Thomas Franois Burgers?
Which fictional character sculpted by Josh Friedmann was portrayed in Terminator 3 ?
Which country has outflow of  Lake Uniamsi and  inflows of the Cahora Bassa?
Which city's neighboring municipalities are Lancy and  Pregny-Chambsy?
Give me the sitcoms where Eliza Schneider and Isaac Hayes gave voice?
Give me all tv shows which are based in boston and massachusetts?
What is the sea whose cities are Gdask and Oulu?
Who commanded the invasion of Buwat and made Fatima bint Sa'd famous?
Name the person whose mother name is Cedella Booker and has a son named Sharon Marley?
What tv shows were born out of a collaboration of playtone and dreamworks?
Name the common institute of Robert hall and Erica Frank ?
What were robert sarvis and JAck Ryan nominated for ?
Name the loocation of Lekh Castle which is also the location of SamurAbsheron channel ?
Which interest of Philip Novak is the relegion of Vesak ?
What sport played in Polytechnic uni of San Juan has also made advocate nasiruddin famous?
Name the TV show with Simon Fuller as artist and Fox as the channel ?
Name the movie whose director of photography is Gregg Toland and Bernard Herrmann was the music composer?
What city gave birth to Mishal Raheja and also houses New India Assurance?
Name a company with one of the key person as Edwin Catmull and produces RenderMan?
Name the Fox TV show judged by Rand Jackson ?
Which writer of A literary Nightmare also extended the work of The Apple tree ?
What is the service of the Laemmle Theatres and is also the award of the Jos Rivera (playwright)?
Which Texas based company  was founded by Jim Harris ?
What state has a Brideun School for Exception Children and is the birthplace  of B J Crombeen?
What is the scientist whose PhD students are Erich Bagge and erban ieica?
Which expertise of the Menetries's warbler is the  nationality of the Jeyhun Abiyev ?
Name the royalty whose spouse was Cleopatra V of Egypt and one of his parent was Ptolemy XII Auletes?
Name the officeholder who hasa child named Augustus and has an associate named Marcus Bibulus ?
Name the scientist who become the part of Royal Society and had academic advisor as Karl Ewald Hasse?
Which parent organization of GetTV is also the label of next thing ?
What common relegion affiliation exists for udit Raj and Wickramabahu Central College ?
Name the console whose successor is PlayStation 4 and predecessor is PlayStation 2?
What are the common sports played by jamiatu Muslim mindanao and Polytechnic University of Philippines Taguig ?
Among the countries using Aureus as currency which had Nicomedia as an important place ?
Which president of William Eustus also married to Dolley Madison ?
Name a movie with actor as Momoko Kchi and music by Akira Ifukube?
Name the HBO TV show written by Erik jendresen  ?
Whay common comic is written by Karakuri Dji Ultimo and narrated by The Incredible Hulk ?
Which European Broadcasting Union's TV show has opening theme as Te Deum ?
Which company owns GetTV and Hypnotize minds ?
What is the company whose one of the key person is Dennis Muilenburg and produces Boeing CH-47 Chinook ?
Which info. appliance is manufactured by Asus and is the predecessor of PS 2?
Which TNT show has Christopher Franke as artist?
Which maintainer of Cheasty Boulevard South is also the city of Soccer Bowl' 76 ?
Which animator of Tommy Ticker's Tooth is also the director of The Haunted house ?
From which country did the Mauritius bank and the national commerce bank emerge?
Which memeber of South Asia SubRegional Economic cooperation is also the nationality of Aishath saffa ?
Name the movies distributed by Cinema International Corporation and edited by Hulian Doyle ?
What is the common relegion of Miao people  and the country where Guru Purnima is celebrated ?
Who is the author of Heroman is also the author of Karakuri Dji Ultimo ?
Count the number of software which runs on Microsoft Windows and mac OS ?
Which television show's company is Paramount Television and is located in Boston?
Name the sitcom with theme music composer as Julian Gingell and channel as Fox Broadcasting Company?
Name the television program voiced by Isaac Hayes and aired on Comedy Central?
Name the mammals which are primate and belongs to family of ape ?
Who was buried at St. Mary's Church and fought the battle of  Benedict Arnold's expedition to Quebec ?
Whichi office of Walter Evnas Edge is also the part of Atlantic seaboard fall lines ?
Which new Mexico based company produces Surface ?
Which founding cities of Young Americans Bank is also the location of Denver Broncos ?
What is the college of Malik Ausean which is also the college of Kyle Fuller ?
Which team did Michael and Ryan Powell play for?
Which broadcast area of CFRX is also the palce of birth of Anthony Raymond ?
Which nickname of Lyons Township JHigh school is also the mascot of Galatasaray Handball Team ?
Which settelment area is the home town of the Danny Felice and Cline Buckens?
Name the president whose had relatives in Clinton family and lieutenant named Joe Purcell?
Who oarent organization of Get TV is also the label provider of I Pray on CHristmas ?
Name the television show whose theme music is composed by Julian Gingell and broadcasted on FOX ?
What is the Home Stadium of the Kenya national under-20 football team where Matin Suji was also born ?
What foundation palce of Temenos Group is the death palce of jerzy Jzef Poocki ?
Which office holder's predecessor is  Lucius Cornelius and his associate is Marcus Calpurnius Bibulus?
List the people educated at Harvard-Westlake School and has resting place as Palo Alto, California?
Which parent company of the Cornell University Press is also the alma mater of the Mario Garca Menocal?
Whcih land of Citi Trends is also the constituency of Malik Al-Hassan Yakubu ?
Which borough is common for Duddeston and Bordesley railway station ?
Name the office holder whose final resting place is North Bend and was part of Siege of fort recovery conflict ?
In which state is Goose Lake Valle, which is also part of Lava River Cave ?
For whom did Michael Springer palyed for which is also had a former student named Donald Brooks ?
Which employer of Michael M. Sears is also the producer of Delta III ?
Where do cherry chevapravatdumrong and daisi pollard both live?
What city was recorded in Live in detroit which is also the official residence of ken Holland ?
Name the TV shows related to Babylon 5: The Lost Tales and is aired on Prime TIme Entertainment Networks ?
Which creation of Josh Friedman was portrayed in Terminator 2 ?
List the uni. having affiliation with Graham Holding Company and have a campus in Iowa ?
Who was the head coach of Middlesbrough F.C. season 2006-7 also the coach of England national under 21 footbal team ?
Name the office holder whose constituency are Duboce Triangle and Haight-Ashbury ?
Which Tim Birton's movie has a screenplay by Daniel Waters ?
Which show's network is Prime time Entertainment and has Douglas Netter as executive producer ?
Who collaborated with Johnny Cash and Kris Kristofferson ?
Which mainter of Pandaruan Bridge is also the land of Malaysia junior Hockey league ?
Organization holding stocks of  Galician and German wikipedias?
Which Monty Python's movie is distributed by Cinema International Corporation ?
Name the hockey team which has head coach as Mike babcock and is based in Toronto ?
Which incumbent of Al Gore presidential campaign wass also the president of Mike McCurry ?
Where in the us military did pierre r graham and edwin f hunter work?
Which fictional character portrayed in Terminator 2: Judgment Day is painted by Josh Friedman?
Name the musician who was given label by Celluloid Records and has been associated with Africa'70 ?
What is the country where Sergei Ovchinnikov the volleyball player die, and Gumus was first aired ?
List the Swedish newspaper headquarted in Stockholm ? 
Which river's source mountain is Baikal Mountains and is located in Laptev Sea ?
Name the river with Readin, Brekshire in its path and mouth place is Sothend-on-sea ?
Who  won the Lovelace Medal and the Norbert Wiener Award for Social and Professional Responsibility?
Which TV show's setting is in Massachusetts and is the subsequent work of Fraiser ?
Name the company whose key person is Raymond Conner and produces Boeing CH-47 Chinook?
Name the subsidary of Tandem Computers which was founded by Jim Harris ?
Who is  related to Kelly Osbourne & Ozzy Osbourne?
Where were sverre krogh sundbo and havard vad petersson born?
Name the company founded in US and created Visual Studio ?
Which sucessor of George Madison is the sucessor of levi Lincoln, Sr. ?
What team is famous for Robert Nederlander and also the debuting team of Gary Sanchez?
Which broad cast area od CFRX is the country of North America Poker Tour ?
How many bacterias have taxonomy as Bacillales and domain as Bacteria? 
What is the common religious affiliation of the Wickramabahu Central College (National School) and that of  Vesak?
Naval station mobile and naval support activity, naples are under which branch of Us military?
Who was in missions of Gemini 8 and Apollo 11?
Name the tv series produced by Stephen Ambrose and Erik Bork?
What would be the most important creation which involved both Neil Cross and Russel Davies ?
Which TV show produced by Paramount Television and is located in Massachusetts ?
Which indian party has won the arunachal pradesh elections of 2014, and has been in the 4th legislative assembly?
Name the river whose source is located in Ikelenge  District and mouth in Mozambique?
Which gaming console's central processing unit is microprocessor and built by Sony?
Which TV show's composer is Judy  Hart  Angelo and executive producer as Glen and Les Charles?
Which series was written by Eric Jendresen and John Orloff?
Name the company with product lines like Visual studio and Surface ?
What would be a common border of Siberia and the shimsa plateau?
Which sea is surrounded by Rostock and Kaliningrad?
Whose commanders are John Mc Ewen and Park Chunghee?
Which high school of jerry Tagge is also the nearest city of Tennie laura ?
What nation is the motherland of Ricardo Alfonso Cerna  where Apostolic Vicariate of El Petn is located?
In which city can I find both the office of Elasticsearch and the Yellow Claw DJ?
Which governor of Charles Willing had a child named John Scott ?
What is the war in which both K Fordice and P Fitzwallace fight?
Of the places where Kurt Vonnegut Memorial Library exists, where did Louis LeCocq die?
Which company developed Google Web Toolkit and Google custom search?
Name the route end of the North-South Transport Corridor and Mumbai Vadodara Expressway?
What party are Siddharta Shankar Ray and Kamla Beniwal from?
Which route start of Moscow-Kazan high-speed railway is the home stadium of 2011-12 FC Spartak Moscow ?
What killed John Thompson Mason and Martino Martini?
Give me the total number of television shows whose theme music composer is Julian Gingell and created by  Simon Fuller?
In which university did Harlan Mathews study, where Richard Meriil Atkinson went too?
Which current player of Chicago Bulls was drafted by Los Angeles Clippers ?
Which show developed by Brain Graden has theme music composed by Primus ?
Which television show is based in Massachusetts and has opening theme as "Where Everybody Knows Your Name" ?
For which team do Guido Guerrini and Massimo Liverani currently play for?
Name the company with product named Microsft Azure and provides OneDrive as a service ?
Which famous commander led the Siege of forn meigs and was involved in the battle of fort stephenson?
Which work institue of andrew Schally belongs to WTUL ?
Under which common jurisdiction do Trinity School, Brentwood and Buckhurst Hill County High School fall?
List the mammals whose taxonomy is Diprotodontia and phylum is Chordate?
Name the river whose source region is North-Western Province, Zambia and source location is Ikelenge  District?
Which collaborator of Nice and Smooth wrote Same Song ?
Which university has a sports team member called Micheal Powell and also owns Syracuse University Press ?
Whihc successor of McDonnell Douglas was built bu Delta 3 ?
What is the religious affiliation of the Neungin High School which is also the academic interest of Sylvain Lvi ?
Which European sea has Oulu as one of the shore city ?
Which district of Fort Heath radar station is also the state of Joesph Story ?
What show has  judge as Randy Jackson sculptors as Simon Fuller?
Where are the cooper mountain vineyards and Mt. bachelor ski area located?
Name the fictional character painted by Josh Friedman and portrayed in Terminator Genisys ?
Which leader of Trump Entertainment Resorts is a relative of Maryanne Barry?
Which coach of England national under 21 footbal team is also the coach of Aston Villa F.C season ?
Which company created BASIC and Language Integrated Query ?
What is the alma mater of Alvin Bell and Charles Plosser?
Name the fictional character who was in Terminator and portrayer is Terminator 2: Judgment Day?
What company is the one which wrote the google web toolkit and PlayN?
Who is renowned for Ae Fond Kiss and poem of Halloween ?
Which  science fiction show has Steven Moffat as executive producer ?
Which  NASA astronaut was on mission Gemini 8?
to which university did both, the Stanford Cardinal and Gerald Reaven go?
Which american football team is owned by Mark davis and is located in O.co Colliseum ?
Which BBC's TV show is related with the Sarah Jane Adventures?
Which HBO's television series was produced by Erik Bork?
List the common sports between Fr. Agnel Multipurpose School  and Jamiatu Muslim Mindanao
Who coached the Marquette golden eagles men team in 09 to 10 and then again in 13 to 14 ?
Which colonel has allegiance to Colony of Virginia ?
What is the sea connected to Kaliningrad and Gdask?
Who is the office holder for constituencies  Castro District and Haight-Ashbury?
What faith do hang chuon naron and Kron Ngoy follow?
What series is Mazes of Time from, and is produced by BBC multimedia?
Who are the parents of  Charles Phelps Taft II and Robert A. Taft?
Which assembly of the Plymouth Savoy is the route end of the NorthSouth Transport Corridor?
list the  software which works on both the OS  - Microsoft Windows and Mac OS ?
Which idelogy of the Palang Dharma Party is also the  faith of Miao people ?
What was a common first team at the 1967 Mexican Grand Prix and 1971 US one?
Who was the director of photography of Mickey's Mellerdrammer and the animator of Tommy Tucker's Tooth?
Who was in the missions of Apollo 11 and Gemini 8?
Which producer of Wizards and the aliens is also the notable work of russell T Davies ?
Which ethinicity of  Riley Reid is the state of origin of Holmes Colbert?
Which city council owns the Ted Williams tunnel and Leonard Memorial ridge?
Who starred in Awakening and fifety five days at peknig ?
What actor of Le Cirque is a relative of Maryanne Trump barry?
List the Stanley Kubrick's movies which has music by Laurie Johnson  ?
What is the scientist whose doctoral students are Erich Bagge and erban ieica?
 Who astronaut from NASA was on the mission of Apollo 11?
What is the product of the BBC Multimedia and is the theme of Visions, the convention?
Name the show formed by J. Michael Stroczynski and had network as TNT ?
Which headcoach of Marquette Golden Eagles men's basketball team, 2008-09 was also the coach of Marquette Golden Eagles team ?
