Give me all Swedish holidays.
Who is the youngest Pulitzer Prize winner?
Which soccer players were born on Malta?
Did Arnold Schwarzenegger attend a university?
Which programming languages were influenced by Perl?
Is Barack Obama a democrat?
How many children does Eddie Murphy have?
Who is the oldest child of Meryl Streep?
Who killed John Lennon?
In which city is Air China headquartered?
Which artists were born on the same date as Rachel Stevens?
How many scientists graduated from an Ivy League university?
Which types of grapes grow in Oregon?
Who is starring in Spanish movies produced by Benicio del Toro?
Who is the manager of Real Madrid?
Give me the currency of China.
Which movies starring Brad Pitt were directed by Guy Ritchie?
How many companies were founded by the founder of Facebook?
How many companies were founded in the same year as Google?
How many airlines are members of the Star Alliance?
Give me all spacecrafts that flew to Mars.
Which musician wrote the most books?
Show me everyone who was born on Halloween.
Give me all Swiss non-profit organizations.
In which country is Mecca located?
What is the net income of Apple?
What does the abbreviation FIFA stand for?
When did the Ming dynasty dissolve?
Which museum in New York has the most visitors?
Is Lake Baikal bigger than the Great Bear Lake?
Desserts from which country contain fish?
What is the highest mountain in Italy?
Where did the architect of the Eiffel Tower study?
Which Greek parties are pro-European?
What is the height difference between Mount Everest and K2?
Who is the mayor of Rotterdam?
How high is the Yokohama Marine Tower?
How many ethnic groups live in Slovenia?
List the seven kings of Rome.
Who were the parents of Queen Victoria?
Who is the heaviest player of the Chicago Bulls?
Which volcanos in Japan erupted since 2000?
Where was the "Father of Singapore" born?
Who is the architect of the tallest building in Japan?
What is the name of the Viennese newspaper founded by the creator of the croissant?
In which city where Charlie Chaplin's half brothers born?
Which German mathematicians were members of the von Braun rocket group?
Are there man-made lakes in Australia that are deeper than 100 meters?
Which movie by the Coen brothers stars John Turturro in the role of a New York City playwright?
Which of the volcanoes that erupted in 1550 is still active?
Are there any castles in the United States?
Can you find frescoes in Crete?
Do Urdu and Persian have a common root?
Does the Ford Motor Company have a manufacturing plant in Malaysia?
How many years was the Ford Model T manufactured?
Give me all American presidents in the last 20 years.
How many theories did Albert Einstein come up with?
Was Sigmund Freud married?
What form of government is found in South Africa?
What is the largest state in the United States?
Which building after the Burj Khalifa has the most floors?
What is the wavelength of indigo?
What were the names of the three ships used by Columbus?
When did Muhammad die?
When was the De Beers company founded?
When was John Adams born?
Which American presidents were in office during the Vietnam War?
Who assassinated President McKinley?
Who discovered Pluto?
Who killed Caesar?
Who was buried in the Great Pyramid of Giza?
Who was the first King of England?
What was the final result of the War of the Roses?
Who writes the Farmers' Almanac?
How big is the earth's diameter?
When did Paraguay proclaim its independence?
How many people live in Eurasia?
Give me the runtime of Toy Story.
What was the first name of the band Queens of the Stone Age?
Give me the birth place of Frank Sinatra.
Which university did Angela Merkel attend?
What is the alma mater of the chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel?
How large is the area of UK?
Who is the author of the interpretation of dreams?
What is the birth name of Adele?
What are the top selling luxury vehicle brands in Germany?
How many awards has Bertrand Russell?
When will start the final match of the football world cup 2018?
how much is the elevation of Düsseldorf Airport ?
how much is the total population of  european union?
when was the founding date of french fifth republic?
Who are the founders of  BlaBlaCar?
how many foreigners speak German?
Where is the birthplace of Goethe?
Where is the origin of Carolina reaper?
How much is the population of Mexico City ?
What is the nick name of Baghdad?
Who is the novelist of the work a song of ice and fire?
What is the percentage of area water in Brazil?
How much is the population of Iraq?
What is the population of Cairo?
How much is the population density rank of Germany?
What is the relation between Resource Description Framework and Web Ontology Language?
How large is the total area of North Rhine-Westphalia?
What is the original title of the interpretation of dreams?
Who are the writers of the Wall album of Pink Floyd?
When was the death  of  Shakespeare?
With how many countries Iran has borders?
What is the smallest city by area in Germany?
Which beer brewing comapnies are located in North-Rhine Westphalia?
What is the largest city in america?
Who is the current federal minister of finance in Germany?
What is the highest mountain in the Bavarian Alps?
Who is 8th president of US?
In which state Penn State University is located?
Which species does an elephant belong?
What is Donald Trump's main business?
What is the last work of Dan Brown?
What other books have been written by the author of The Fault in Our Stars?
When was the last episode of the TV series Friends aired?
What is the time zone of Salt Lake City?
What is the highest mountain in Germany?
Butch Otter is the governor of which U.S. state?
How many gold medals did Michael Phelps win at the 2008 Olympics?
Which artists were born on the same date as Rachel Stevens?
What is the profession of Frank Herbert?
How many seats does the home stadium of FC Porto have?
Which European countries have a constitutional monarchy?
Which airports are located in California, USA?
What are the nicknames of San Francisco?
What is Angela Merkel’s birth name?
Who is the mayor of Berlin?
Which countries in the European Union adopted the Euro?
Which software has been published by Mean Hamster Software?
Which country was Bill Gates born in?
How many grand-children did Jacques Cousteau have?
Give me all professional skateboarders from Sweden.
Which monarchs of the United Kingdom were married to a German?
Give me all Argentine films.
How did Michael Jackson die?
Which U.S. state has been admitted latest?
Which classes does the Millepede belong to?
Give me the homepage of Forbes.
Who is the husband of Amanda Palmer?
Who painted The Storm on the Sea of Galilee?
What is the highest place of Karakoram?
When did Finland join the EU?
Which actors play in Big Bang Theory?
Which computer scientist won an oscar?
Who wrote Harry Potter?
Give me all writers that won the Nobel Prize in literature.
Give me English actors starring in Lovesick.
In which city was the president of Montenegro born?
Which U.S. state has the highest population density?
What is the longest river in China?
What is the area code of Berlin?
Which professional surfers were born in Australia?
Give me all Dutch parties.
How many moons does Mars have?
What is Batman's real name?
What is Elon Musk famous for?
Who is the author of WikiLeaks?
Sean Parnell was the governor of which U.S. state?
When was Carlo Giuliani shot?
Who was the wife of President Lincoln?
How many awards has Bertrand Russell?
Which space probes were sent into orbit around the sun?
Who is the daughter of Robert Kennedy married to?
How many students does the Free University of Amsterdam have?
What is the revenue of IBM?
How many James Bond movies do exist?
Who does the voice of Bart Simpson?
Who was Tom Hanks married to?
Through which countries does the Yenisei river flow?
Give me all cars that are produced in Germany.
When did Michael Jackson die?
What is the highest volcano in Africa?
Which poet wrote the most books?
Show me all Czech movies.
Give me all movies with Tom Cruise.
When did Dracula's creator die?
Who created English Wikipedia?
Give me all female German chancellors.
Who owns Aldi?
Which books were written by Danielle Steel?
Who was influenced by Socrates?
How deep is Lake Chiemsee?
Which companies work in the aerospace industry as well as in medicine?
Which professional surfers were born on the Philippines?
Are there any castles in the United States?
Which languages are spoken in Estonia?
Which countries are connected by the Rhine?
Who was the father of Queen Elizabeth II?
Give me all American presidents of the last 20 years.
When is the movie Worst Case Scenario going to be in cinemas in the Netherlands?
Whom did Lance Bass marry?
Which subsidiary of TUI Travel serves both Glasgow and Dublin?
What languages are spoken in Pakistan?
Who is the daughter of Bill Clinton married to?
Who was on the Apollo 11 mission?
Give me all B-sides of the Ramones.
Who was called Scarface?
Which rivers flow into the North Sea?
Where is Fort Knox located?
Which daughters of British earls died at the same place they were born at?
How many emperors did China have?
What are the names of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles?
Where does Piccadilly start?
What is the name of the university where Obama's wife studied?
When did Paraguay proclaim its independence?
How short is the shortest active NBA player?
Where did Abraham Lincoln die?
When was Jack Wolfskin founded?
In which city is the headquarter of Air China?
What is the founding year of the brewery that produces Pilsner Urquell?
When did the Boston Tea Party take place?
Which politicians were married to a German?
How big is the earth's diameter?
Is the wife of President Obama called Michelle?
Which U.S. state has the abbreviation MN?
When did Muhammad die?
What is the atmosphere of the Moon composed of?
Who is the governor of Texas?
Which movies did Kurosawa direct?
Give me the official websites of actors of the television show Charmed.
How many calories does a baguette have?
Give me all Frisian islands that belong to the Netherlands.
Which museum exhibits The Scream by Munch?
When was the De Beers company founded?
Who became president after JFK died?
Who are the parents of the wife of Juan Carlos I?
In which studio did the Beatles record their first album?
Which beer brewing companies are located in North-Rhine Westphalia?
When did princess Diana die?
Who founded Intel?
Who is the youngest player in the Premier League?
Which instruments does Cat Stevens play?
How many rivers and lakes are in South Carolina?
Who was called Rodzilla?
Give me the capitals of all countries in Africa.
Show me hiking trails in the Grand Canyon where there's no danger of flash floods.
What is the largest state in the United States?
What were the names of the three ships by Columbus?
