Which architect of Marine Corps Air Station Kaneohe Bay was also tenant of New Sanno hotel?
Name a queen whose parent is Ptolemy XII Auletes and consort is Ptolemy XIII Theos Philopator?
List common systems are developed by of the Google Videos and written by of the Google Web Toolkit ?
For which games are Sam Loyd and Eric Schiller both famous?
Is Peter Piper Pizza in the pizza industry?
Name the artist who made Dream Dancing and is often associated with Joe Pass?
Who is the office holder with deputies as Neil Brown and Andrew Peacock?
Where did these popular aeroplanes - Focke Wulf 260 and Start+Flug H 101 originate?
Which television show 's producer is Stephen E. Ambrose and written by Erik Jendresen?
Who created the Women in the Garden and also the L'Enfant a la tasse ?
Which famous horserace has seen both Fergie sutherland and the illustrious War of Attrition?
Tell me the name of the Prime Time Entertainment Network's TV show whose Artist is Christopher Franke ?
Is William H Blanchard buried in Colorado?
Who was in the missions of Apollo 11 and Gemini 8?
What is the military branch of the William French Smith which is also the branch of Pierre R. Graham ?
Which location city of the Denver Broncos is the place of birth of Steven Clark Cunningham ?
Give the name of the  managers of England national under-20 football team and England national under-21 football team?
is blue lagoon island a part of the bahamas achipelago?
Name the movies distributed by RKO Pictures and has music composer as Bernard Herrmann?
Did the New Way party merge in the One Israel party?
Is Seattle the Ship builder of USS Marmora (IX-189)
Is Tirana the largest city of Albania?
What is the river whose mouth locations are Arctic Ocean and Laptev Sea?
What is the faith of the Ajith Perera and religious affiliation of the Neungin High School?
Is Ombla originate in Croatia?
What place did Edwin Adams die at, which gave birth to William A Purtell?
Which designer of RENFE also owns Renaissance Center ?
Did Timm Gunn guest in Sunrise (HIMYM)?
to which university did both, the Stanford Cardinal and Gerald Reaven go?
What is the owning organisation of the Ford Kansas City Assembly Plant and also the builder of the Ford Y-block engine?
Who is  related to Kelly Osbourne & Ozzy Osbourne?
Which serving railway line of the Daund Junction railway station was also the place where 99 (2009 film) was recorded ?
Giuseppe Bertello and Pietro Parolin are leaders of which place ?
Name the garrison of the Western Naval Command and line of the Vadodara Junction railway station ?
Which city located on Mediterranean Sea is also the stadium of Panionios G.S.S. season ?
Was Don't Bring Me Down recorded in West Germany?
Name the movies for which music was given by  Geoffrey Burgon and distributed by  Cinema International Corporation?
Is Henry David Thoreau interested in Politics?
Among the companies who has product named Chinook who has a key person as Dennis Muilenburg ?
Name the TV shows with network as NBC and company as Paramount Television ?
Which license provider of MSX basic is also the designer of Language Integrated Query ?
What is a common ingredient used in boyt Blodpalt and Kaszanka ?
Which architect of the Marine Corps Air Station Kaneohe Bay is the branch of the Burnet R. Maybank?
Give me all commanders which had an important role in both, the Battle of Fort Stephenson and Battle of the Thames?
Which sea is surrounded by Rostock and Kaliningrad?
Which television show's developer is Brian Graden and voices to the character is by Isaac Hayes?
Does the Ontario International Airport serve the Inland Empire?
Is semnani one of the languages spoken in Iran?
Name the river with source as Shannon Pot and its mouth is located in Limerick?
What is the organisation whose purposes are Environmentalism and Peace?